<unk>
zaman	al - zaman : american forces killed shaikh abdullah al - ani , the preacher at the mosque in the town of qaim , near the syrian border .	al - zaman : guerrillas killed a member of the kurdistan democratic party after kidnapping him in mosul .	al - zaman : the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .	hundreds of persons mounted demonstrations against the fallujah campaign in tikrit and huwaijah , as well , according to az - zaman .	az - zaman : the association of muslim scholars forbade iraqis to participate in the attack on fallujah with the americans .	waheed zaman , 22 , london e17
shaikh	al - zaman : american forces killed shaikh abdullah al - ani , the preacher at the mosque in the town of qaim , near the syrian border .	they also killed shaikh hamid 'akkab , a clan elder of a branch of the dulaim tribe in tikrit .	two hundred members of the batawi clan of the dulaim demonstrated in baghdad on friday , protesting the killing of their clan elder , shaikh kadhim sarhid and 4 of his sons , by gunmen wearing iraqi army uniforms .	an early september 2003 newsweek article included a rumor by a taliban source that at a meeting in april 2003 bin laden was planning an " unbelievable " biological attack , the plans for which had suffered a setback upon the arrest of khalid shaikh mohammed ( " ksm " ) .	the fallujah fighting has killed fair numbers of iraqi noncombatants , including shaikh abdul wahhab al - janabi of the respected association of muslim scholars .
ani	al - zaman : american forces killed shaikh abdullah al - ani , the preacher at the mosque in the town of qaim , near the syrian border .	here kant 's rule -- " animals are merely means to an end ; that end is man " -- is applied with a vengeance .	i took him to the animal hospital and they ran blood work and everything came back normal .	animal news center webmaster	i 'm not driving tonite , but i bet that we could hitch a ride back with anil .	as we have discussed .... effective sep 13th , anita will make the adjustments to enron 's inventory and pad gas to reflect the february 26th results .	in addition , there is a reduction of 22,101 mmbtu which is the difference between the scada values ( best available ) that anita showed on the february 29th storage sheet and the " official " february 29th values that gary wilson received from mips .	an orphaned , two - month old african elephant named olly received an extremely uplifting christmas present this year : an airplane ride just for him , courtesy of the international fund for animal welfare and their friends ' the bateleurs ' .	animal news center webmaster	you will always find fascinating links at : extreme web surfs http://extremewebsurfs.blogspot.com/ ( nice urban wildlife post today ) & me and the web http://maartenvt.blogspot.com/ arts , history , animals , music , games , politics , technology , fun and more !	handcrafted furry animals wholesale , call for a catalog now !	animals r us.net bill schmidt animalsr...@aol.com 732-657-3416 1027 jolson court manchester , n.j. 08759
qaim	al - zaman : american forces killed shaikh abdullah al - ani , the preacher at the mosque in the town of qaim , near the syrian border .	the al - bu nimr in ramadi and al - qaim rose in arms against saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of thamir madhlum al - dulaymi , an air force general belonging to their tribe .
dpa	dpa : iraqi authorities announced that they had busted up 3 terrorist cells operating in baghdad .
j.	the moi in iraq is equivalent to the us fbi , so this would be like having j. edgar hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	- brenner , ursula j.doc << file : brenner , ursula j.doc >>	galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation ( nepco ) 11831 north creek parkway north bothell , wa 98011 usa tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com	james j. hoecker , the former federal energy regulatory commission chairman , defended making the december decision and also defended winter .	michael j. mcdermott mjmcdermott@hotmail.com	please forward a copy of the j.m. huber corporation guaranty to my attention .	following up on your and ken lay 's conversation with gary cohn , i would like to forward the following proposal , acting for each of goldman sachs capital markets and j. aron .	animals r us.net bill schmidt animalsr...@aol.com 732-657-3416 1027 jolson court manchester , n.j. 08759
unwittingly	the moi in iraq is equivalent to the us fbi , so this would be like having j. edgar hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .
weathermen	the moi in iraq is equivalent to the us fbi , so this would be like having j. edgar hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .
ghazaliyah	the cells were operating in the ghazaliyah and al - jihad districts of the capital .
n't	although the announcement was probably made to show progress in identifying and breaking up terror cells , i do n't find the news that the baathists continue to penetrate the iraqi government very hopeful .	he is no longer in the dominant shiite list , the united iraqi alliance , and wo n't have many seats in the new parliament .	baghdadis do n't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more , you never know where you might get stuck .	even the ip and icdc have abandoned the neighbourhood , and those are trained and armed , so do n't expect scared civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a helicopter or a tank does n't bomb them , and also how are american soldiers going to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians from the fedayeen ?	most people have n't gone to work the last few days , although it seems that the rest of baghdad is ' normal ' ( if you can define what normal is ) .	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .	do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......	getting the spanish out of iraq is n't nearly as good a rallying cry for al - qaeda in the arab world as getting the americans and british out .	i ca n't tell you how ominous i found bush 's performance in that interview .	and , he did n't think he needed to know anything about south asia , with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the us .	he could n't tell when things were becoming more unstable as opposed to less .	i do n't see bush doing any of this .	they do n't let just anybody do it .	that he did n't show up for duty in alabama ?	requests like that were n't unusual , says retired col. william campenni , who flew with bush in 1970 and 1971 .	one remark made by sha'lan on al - arabiya tv , that he could n't say more about chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor .	after asking me which tribe i belong to ( thus assessing my sectarian background ) he started hurling abuses at the shia , calling them persians , majoos ( fire worshippers ) , rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that i ca n't mention here .	i did n't argue with him but i asked him what he believed would be a viable solution to this mess .	but i also see that as a fatal misconception , which is doing sunnis harm , because i do n't believe the us is going anywhere so soon .	i ca n't imagine they wanted to do this .	but then , maybe that would n't have saved him either , because posada is not meiring .	posada can be given up , but meiring ca n't .	posada 's crimes , on the other hand , must seem like ancient history , especially to a people who do n't know their history .	and to those who do n't even know their crimes , not even that .	i do n't know how others feel , but i 'm definitely looking into immigration to canada as an option .	do n't let this pass you by without at least taking a look .	or they were n't eyewitnesses and are just lying .	( and , a piece of shrapnel in the forearm that caused only a minor wound would have killed had it hit an eye and gone into the brain ; the shrapnel being in your body demonstrates you were in mortal danger and did n't absent yourself from it .	back in 1972 in the deep south , many rural counties did n't have much in the way of official republican party apparatus .	mr. archibald : george certainly did n't seem to have any concerns about my taking over this work with the campaign workers there .	my overall impression was that he did n't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters .	goodwyn : murph archibald says that at first , he did n't know that mr. bush was serving in the air national guard .
baathists	although the announcement was probably made to show progress in identifying and breaking up terror cells , i do n't find the news that the baathists continue to penetrate the iraqi government very hopeful .	the thing to keep in mind is that sunni arab nationalists and baathists and local sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the us in iraq than al - qaeda infiltrators , and it would be dangerous to take one 's eyes off the former ball .
arvn	it reminds me too much of the arvn officers who were secretly working for the other side in vietnam .	the arvn was not having a big problem with the local vc ( the guerilla movement ) , they were being challenged by the main force vc ( which was light infantry ) and the north vietnamese army ( nva ) .	however , what they hoped to do during the tet offensive was to sneak past the americans and attack the arvn in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful clear and defend operations .	the communists thought they could defeat the arvn , cause the fall of the south vietnamese government , and the people would than rally to the communist cause and leave the americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants .	the arvn rushed back from holiday leave and counterattacked .	they were chased back into laos and cambodia with the arvn in hot pursuit .	the people rejected their attempt to topple the government , and for all intents and purposes the us military ( and the arvn ) handed johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time - frame he ordered it .
mosul	al - zaman : guerrillas killed a member of the kurdistan democratic party after kidnapping him in mosul .	the police commander of ninevah province announced that bombings had declined 80 percent in mosul , whereas there had been a big jump in the number of kidnappings .	another bad step was the recent arrest of sheikh hassan al - lihabi , of the lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of al - anbar , mosul and salah al - din .	armed clashes broke out in several northern iraqi cities on wednesday , leaving some 22 persons dead in mosul , baiji , and tuz .
ninevah	the police commander of ninevah province announced that bombings had declined 80 percent in mosul , whereas there had been a big jump in the number of kidnappings .
kidnappings	the police commander of ninevah province announced that bombings had declined 80 percent in mosul , whereas there had been a big jump in the number of kidnappings .
suwayrah	in suwayrah , kut province , two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated .
kut	in suwayrah , kut province , two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated .	( kut is in southeastern iraq and has an overwhelmingly shiite population , who are on the lookout for baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .
shiite	( kut is in southeastern iraq and has an overwhelmingly shiite population , who are on the lookout for baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	( this is a largely sunni arab clan , and some sunni observers have accused shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination ; it is more likely the work of sunni arab guerrillas punishing the batawi leaders for cooperating with the dec. 15 elections . )	he is no longer in the dominant shiite list , the united iraqi alliance , and wo n't have many seats in the new parliament .	certainly , the shiites already hate al - qaeda and would help ; likewise the kurds .	although israel withdrew from lebanese territory in may 2000 , the radical lebanese shiite party , hizbullah , has not been mollified .	the more radical shiites , who generally follow the theocratic notions of iran 's ayatollah ruhollah khomeini , routinely chant and demonstrate against israel .	worse for israel , the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious grand ayatollah ali sistani , who wields enormous moral authority over iraqi shiites .	these shiite movements had been suppressed by saddam hussein 's regime , but have now organized and armed themselves .	they have also reestablished their historical links with lebanese and iranian shiites .	it is inevitable that most iraqi shiites will side with their hizbullah coreligionists against israel , and it seems likely that iraqi shiites will get rich enough from iraqi petroleum sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll lebanese shiite radicals .	that private wealth can easily be funneled into aid for the palestinians and for lebanese shiites .	it is not surprising that iran is so active in trying to incite a shiite uprising in iraq .	iran sponsors syrian terrorism , it is certainly behind much of the action in iraq , it is fully funding the hezbollah and , through it , the palestinian hamas and islamic jihad ; it performed acts of terror at least in europe and in south america and probably also in uzbekistan and saudi arabia and it truly leads a multi-national terror consortium , which includes , as minor players , syria , lebanon and certain shiite elements in iraq .	it is pointless to try to understand the subtle differences between the sunni terror of al qaeda and hamas and the shiite terror of hezbollah , sadr and other iranian - inspired enterprises .	radical shiite cleric muqtada al - sadr said the attack was " criminal " and that " the zionists have left only one choice for the arabs , that of fighting and jihad " .	how did the cpa get to the point where it has turned even iraqi shiites , who were initially grateful for the removal of saddam hussein , against the united states ?	where it risks fighting dual sunni arab and shiite insurgencies simultaneously , at a time when us troops are rotating on a massive scale and hoping to downsize their forces in country ?	' a radical shiite muslim cleric has expressed solidarity with the militant palestinian group hamas and said that he should be considered the group 's " striking arm " in iraq .	" i have said and i repeat my expression of solidarity which hassan nasrallah called for to stand with hamas , " shiite cleric muqtada al - sadr said friday in a reference to nasrallah , the leader of the militant lebanese shiite group hezbollah .	they know that the american advent implies for them a demotion , and an elevation of the shiites and kurds , and they refuse to go quietly .	the radical shiite sadr movement issued a statement forbidding the participation of iraqi troops in the attack on fallujah , as well .	the convergence of views among the more militant sunni muslim clerics of ams and the radical shiites of the sadr movement has been seen before , last spring during the initial us assault on fallujah and during the us attack on mahdi army militiamen in najaf .	most shiites , however , are still reluctant to take major risks to support the sunnis of fallujah , many of whom had supported saddam and his anti-shiite pogroms .
baathist	although the announcement was probably made to show progress in identifying and breaking up terror cells , i do n't find the news that the baathists continue to penetrate the iraqi government very hopeful .	( kut is in southeastern iraq and has an overwhelmingly shiite population , who are on the lookout for baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	the thing to keep in mind is that sunni arab nationalists and baathists and local sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the us in iraq than al - qaeda infiltrators , and it would be dangerous to take one 's eyes off the former ball .	if it is hard to see how baathist iraq posed any real threat to israel , it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability .
saboteurs	( kut is in southeastern iraq and has an overwhelmingly shiite population , who are on the lookout for baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .
kadhim	in baghdad kadhim talal husain , assistant dean at the school of education at mustansiriyah university , was assassinated with his driver in the salikh district .	two hundred members of the batawi clan of the dulaim demonstrated in baghdad on friday , protesting the killing of their clan elder , shaikh kadhim sarhid and 4 of his sons , by gunmen wearing iraqi army uniforms .
talal	in baghdad kadhim talal husain , assistant dean at the school of education at mustansiriyah university , was assassinated with his driver in the salikh district .
husain	in baghdad kadhim talal husain , assistant dean at the school of education at mustansiriyah university , was assassinated with his driver in the salikh district .
mustansiriyah	in baghdad kadhim talal husain , assistant dean at the school of education at mustansiriyah university , was assassinated with his driver in the salikh district .
salikh	in baghdad kadhim talal husain , assistant dean at the school of education at mustansiriyah university , was assassinated with his driver in the salikh district .
asi	guerrillas killed an engineer , asi ali , from tikrit .	and , he did n't think he needed to know anything about south asia , with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the us .	according to professor s d muni , south asia expert at the jawaharal nehru university , the two - year peace talks between colombo and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) are stalemated .	asia times online 16/11/2004	realists , and this even includes members of the u.s. democratic foreign policy establishment such as strobe talbott , who have long sought to divest india of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in asia , understand the only feasible solution for kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo .	unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in south asia , pervez musharraf has now called colin powell 's bluff , challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the indians jump to his commands .	the one country that has shown that it understands the realities in south asia is china .	while the indian army has become rock - solid in the western front , and has developed the capability of withstanding any pakistani adventure in that sector , it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector , where its enemy is not a national army but a multitude of secessionist , terrorist and drug - running militants operating between southeast asia and northeastern india through bangladesh .	these islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the strait of malacca , through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily , bringing in oil for the far east and southeast asia .	the biggest ltte maritime disaster was reported in the now - defunct asiaweek in 2001 .	for the past 25 years landlocked afghanistan has suffered from constant interference from its neighbours - pakistan , iran and the central asian republics - and regional powers - russia and india .	i do not want to comment here on whether the american - led attack on iraq was justified from the point of view of weapons of mass destruction or any other pre-war argument , but i can look at the post-war map of western asia .	china 's " is not a fly - by - night program , " said joan johnson - freese , an expert on national security who follows space developments in the asian nation at the naval war college in newport , r.i .	china 's overtures to join the u.s. - led effort to develop the 16 - nation international space station have been thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues , including the asian country 's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat .	i 'm planning my trip to asia and s. korea is one of the destinations .	and no you can not customize an itinerary unless you book several different legs of a cruise with stops in between on shore .. say book a panamal canal crossing , then fly to asia and pick it up again and sail to india then fly to europe to sail the med before flying to england to hit the transatlantic corssing .	there has been a large asian presence in the sf bay area for a long time -- the chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of china , there were lots of japanese who 'd been displaced during wwii .	you never saw black muni drivers , asian police , latino politicians until then .	san francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by mainly european immigrants except for some asian workers who were manual laborers .	in addition , the clothing is of much better quality than the clothing from hot topic , which is made as cheaply as possible by people living in horrible conditions in asia .	aside from that little * mystery * , one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong i was about how another dress that i loved compared to one of her dresses that i was trying on .	this is unlike the situation last year in asia when we evacuated u.s. citizens from areas that were hit by the tsunami - a phenomenon that is much less predictable than the hezbollah - provoked destruction that rained down on lebanon .	sept. 11 commission member philip zelikow , who is close to the bush administration , admitted on sept. 10 , 2002 , that the ulterior motive of the bush administration for the iraq war was to " protect israel , " according to the asian times .	write ( or call ) an asian airline directly and get the answer immediately .	teachers good diverse student body ( african - american , asian , ect. ) equals kids staying here !	bush is in santiago for the annual asia - pacific economic cooperation ( apec ) leaders meeting .
tikrit	guerrillas killed an engineer , asi ali , from tikrit .	they also killed shaikh hamid 'akkab , a clan elder of a branch of the dulaim tribe in tikrit .	hundreds of persons mounted demonstrations against the fallujah campaign in tikrit and huwaijah , as well , according to az - zaman .
'akkab	they also killed shaikh hamid 'akkab , a clan elder of a branch of the dulaim tribe in tikrit .
dulaim	they also killed shaikh hamid 'akkab , a clan elder of a branch of the dulaim tribe in tikrit .	two other dulaim leaders have been killed in the past week and a half .	two hundred members of the batawi clan of the dulaim demonstrated in baghdad on friday , protesting the killing of their clan elder , shaikh kadhim sarhid and 4 of his sons , by gunmen wearing iraqi army uniforms .
hawijah	guerrillas near hawijah launched an attack that left 6 dead , including 4 iraqi soldiers .	one of them was from the jubur tribe and was deputy commander of the hawijah garrison .
jubur	one of them was from the jubur tribe and was deputy commander of the hawijah garrison .
batawi	two hundred members of the batawi clan of the dulaim demonstrated in baghdad on friday , protesting the killing of their clan elder , shaikh kadhim sarhid and 4 of his sons , by gunmen wearing iraqi army uniforms .	( this is a largely sunni arab clan , and some sunni observers have accused shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination ; it is more likely the work of sunni arab guerrillas punishing the batawi leaders for cooperating with the dec. 15 elections . )
sarhid	two hundred members of the batawi clan of the dulaim demonstrated in baghdad on friday , protesting the killing of their clan elder , shaikh kadhim sarhid and 4 of his sons , by gunmen wearing iraqi army uniforms .
punishing	( this is a largely sunni arab clan , and some sunni observers have accused shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination ; it is more likely the work of sunni arab guerrillas punishing the batawi leaders for cooperating with the dec. 15 elections . )
cooperating	( this is a largely sunni arab clan , and some sunni observers have accused shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination ; it is more likely the work of sunni arab guerrillas punishing the batawi leaders for cooperating with the dec. 15 elections . )	hambali reportedly is cooperating to some degree .
dec.	( this is a largely sunni arab clan , and some sunni observers have accused shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination ; it is more likely the work of sunni arab guerrillas punishing the batawi leaders for cooperating with the dec. 15 elections . )	al - zaman : the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .	thought you 'd like to know that the dixie chicks are coming back to houston dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the compaq center ... it 's all about you and your needs .	it was posted on dec. 11 , but the human resource dept said that if it is still on the internet , it is open .	they began to withhold power from california , and on dec. 7 the iso declared its first stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .	he believes memos and e-mails around the time of winter 's dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues .	the motion to compel is now scheduled for dec. 12 at 2 p.m .	interim palestinian leader and the front - runner in the upcoming jan. 9 , 2005 presidential election mahmoud abbas talks during his first official campaign speech in the west bank town of ramallah , saturday dec. 25 , 2004 .
debaathification	al - zaman : the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .	the debaathification commission had been pushed by ahmad chalabi and his iraqi national congress very hard , and had pushed many sunni arabs into the arms of the guerrillas .
baath	although the announcement was probably made to show progress in identifying and breaking up terror cells , i do n't find the news that the baathists continue to penetrate the iraqi government very hopeful .	( kut is in southeastern iraq and has an overwhelmingly shiite population , who are on the lookout for baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	al - zaman : the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .	some 2,000 junior officers of the old baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months , something chalabi would have blocked if he could have .	now the electoral commission is refusing to punish people for mere past baath party membership .	the thing to keep in mind is that sunni arab nationalists and baathists and local sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the us in iraq than al - qaeda infiltrators , and it would be dangerous to take one 's eyes off the former ball .	if it is hard to see how baathist iraq posed any real threat to israel , it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability .	it seems clear to me that the manhunt for high baath officials in the sunni heartland is being done wrong , or at least in ways that are bad for us standing with local iraqis .
chalabi	the debaathification commission had been pushed by ahmad chalabi and his iraqi national congress very hard , and had pushed many sunni arabs into the arms of the guerrillas .	chalabi has been increasingly marginalized within iraq , however , despite his ties of clientelage with washington and tehran .	some 2,000 junior officers of the old baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months , something chalabi would have blocked if he could have .	ahmed al - chalabi and defense minister hazim al - sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media .	chalabi describing sha'lan as a " ba'athist " and a " former double agent for saddam and the cia " , while sha'lan dismisses chalabi as a " thief " and an " iranian stooge who longs for his own origins by defending iran " .	one remark made by sha'lan on al - arabiya tv , that he could n't say more about chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor .	it was an extremely amusing episode , watching chalabi looking smug and amused , contrasted with sha'lan , all serious and barely keeping himself from swearing .	( his conclusion may have been based on the fake mobile biolab plans foisted upon the us by the chalabi associate " curveball " , which alibek divined to be identical to russian mobile lab design ) .
marginalized	chalabi has been increasingly marginalized within iraq , however , despite his ties of clientelage with washington and tehran .	they were from all accounts marginalized and not listened to .
clientelage	chalabi has been increasingly marginalized within iraq , however , despite his ties of clientelage with washington and tehran .
2,000	some 2,000 junior officers of the old baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months , something chalabi would have blocked if he could have .	net to enron lng marketing company - $ 272,000 ( $ 0.10 / mmbtu )	enron total gain not counting ena 's trading desk margin is $ 1,922,000	this is now my fourth week and i have made a total of $ 42,000.00 and it 's still coming rapidly .	$ 42,000 - average savings members of bush 's cabinet received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes .	from a moral standpoint , you guys are really gon na take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know it s just a piece of scrap metal ?	he said the top three cartoons will be announced on september 2 , with the winners being awarded prizes of 12,000 , 8,000 and 5,000 dollars respectively .	in texas , bp shut its 460,000 barrels per day refinery and marathon shut its 72,000 bpd plant .
prosecute	if someone committed a crime against humanity , prosecute the person .
iraqis	if he or she did not , then they should have all the same rights as other iraqis .	over 300 iraqis are reported dead and 500 wounded in fallujah alone .	by moving quickly to iraqi sovereignty and improvement of iraqi lives , the us may be able to get iraqis on its side , so that they turn in the foreigners .	there is no doubt that many iraqis regard the date of 30 january as a day of renewed hope , one they have been awaiting all their lives , but at the same time , many others are already dreading it .	one minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar ' gifts ' to journalists attending a press conference for allawi , a practice that brings back bad memories to many iraqis .	many iraqis , including conservative and religious iraqis , are surprisingly rooting for the iraqi communist party , probably in an attempt to counter the influence of islamists in the forthcoming national assembly .	sunni iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation .	his explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of fallujah last spring , killing 600 iraqis , most of them women and children , in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries , one of them a south african .	he has said that the iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax .	it seems clear to me that the manhunt for high baath officials in the sunni heartland is being done wrong , or at least in ways that are bad for us standing with local iraqis .	xinhua alleged that " many of the iraqis , who suffer the american occupation of iraq , relate their case with that of the palestinian people , under the israeli occupation . "	in an apparently unrelated incidents , some eleven iraqis were killed by snipers on tuesday , including a group of police trainees in a bus near hilla and two police in kirkuk .	az - zaman : the association of muslim scholars forbade iraqis to participate in the attack on fallujah with the americans .	in a communique , the ams said that for iraqis to take part with " raiding forces " in the assault on a city , the population of which is muslim ( such as fallujah ) would be considered the most mortal of mortal sins .	the sunni ams told iraqis , " you sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the assault on najaf , and beware lest you repeat this same sin in fallujah .
sharq	al - sharq al - awsat reports that a key eyewitness in the trial of saddam hussein for a 1982 massacre at dujail has died .	ash - sharq al - awsat reports that fallujah was closed tuesday in a general strike .
awsat	al - sharq al - awsat reports that a key eyewitness in the trial of saddam hussein for a 1982 massacre at dujail has died .	ash - sharq al - awsat reports that fallujah was closed tuesday in a general strike .
eyewitness	al - sharq al - awsat reports that a key eyewitness in the trial of saddam hussein for a 1982 massacre at dujail has died .	or they were n't eyewitnesses and are just lying .
dujail	al - sharq al - awsat reports that a key eyewitness in the trial of saddam hussein for a 1982 massacre at dujail has died .
nov.	the trial begins again nov. 28 .	paul kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the ferc meeting that was held thursday , nov. 9th .	date : monday , nov. 13th	seems like a good idea to keep the heat on hoecker & co. right up until nov. 1 .	boulder , co , nov. 15 ( upi ) --
sadr	in baghdad the fighting still continues in several areas , mostly in sadr city and adhamiya .	it is pointless to try to understand the subtle differences between the sunni terror of al qaeda and hamas and the shiite terror of hezbollah , sadr and other iranian - inspired enterprises .	radical shiite cleric muqtada al - sadr said the attack was " criminal " and that " the zionists have left only one choice for the arabs , that of fighting and jihad " .	the coalition decision to provoke a fight with muqtada al - sadr 's movement only three months before the coalition provisional authority goes out of business has to be seen as a form of gross incompetence in governance .	i have long been a trenchant critic of the sadrists .	" i have said and i repeat my expression of solidarity which hassan nasrallah called for to stand with hamas , " shiite cleric muqtada al - sadr said friday in a reference to nasrallah , the leader of the militant lebanese shiite group hezbollah .	" let ( hamas ) consider me their striking arm in iraq because the fate of iraq and palestine is the same , " al - sadr said during a friday prayer sermon in kufa , his home base south of baghdad .	the radical shiite sadr movement issued a statement forbidding the participation of iraqi troops in the attack on fallujah , as well .	the convergence of views among the more militant sunni muslim clerics of ams and the radical shiites of the sadr movement has been seen before , last spring during the initial us assault on fallujah and during the us attack on mahdi army militiamen in najaf .
adhamiya	in baghdad the fighting still continues in several areas , mostly in sadr city and adhamiya .
baghdadis	baghdadis do n't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more , you never know where you might get stuck .
curfew	there has been talk that the night curfew might be implemented again .
non-stop	my neighbourhood has been surrounded by american troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .
fedayeen	fedayeen are now visible on the street and they have become bolder than ever .	even the ip and icdc have abandoned the neighbourhood , and those are trained and armed , so do n't expect scared civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a helicopter or a tank does n't bomb them , and also how are american soldiers going to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians from the fedayeen ?
bolder	fedayeen are now visible on the street and they have become bolder than ever .
mortars	yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars , they only come out in the open when americans leave the area , then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting their ak - 47's in the air .
indiscriminately	yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars , they only come out in the open when americans leave the area , then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting their ak - 47's in the air .
47's	yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars , they only come out in the open when americans leave the area , then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting their ak - 47's in the air .	maybe i 'm missing something here , but how , exactly , does one ' loose ' 200,000 ak47's ?
icdc	even the ip and icdc have abandoned the neighbourhood , and those are trained and armed , so do n't expect scared civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a helicopter or a tank does n't bomb them , and also how are american soldiers going to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians from the fedayeen ?	al - iraqiyah tv said that icdc were controlling ramadi .
apprehensive	everyone is apprehensive , there is some talk that april 9th and 10th are going to be bloody days .	i know that a transaction of this magnitude would make anyone apprehensive and worried .
slum	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .
spree	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .
youngsters	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .
loot	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .	some of the leaders of these various circles live very comfortably on their loot .	heavily armed police have been trying to impose a form of martial law to stem outbreaks of looting .	while some looters are stealing non-essential goods , others are simply trying to find food and water .
donating	mosques are calling for donating blood , food , and medicine for fallujah , and several convoys have already headed out for fallujah , most of them returned later though .	em ... no ... the gates foundation mainly invests in medical research and education , that means donating now adds a tremendous value compared to donating in ten years .
fallujah	mosques are calling for donating blood , food , and medicine for fallujah , and several convoys have already headed out for fallujah , most of them returned later though .	speaking of fallujah , we have only al - jazeera to rely on for our news from there .	over 300 iraqis are reported dead and 500 wounded in fallujah alone .	iraqi cities such as fallujah and ramadi were on the truck route from amman to baghdad , and so came under the influence of the salafi movement , which is popular in jordan .	i had an interesting conversation with a middle - aged taxi driver who used to live in fallujah and is now at relatives in amiriya , baghdad .	his explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of fallujah last spring , killing 600 iraqis , most of them women and children , in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries , one of them a south african .	in fallujah , hundreds of demonstrators came out against us troops when they briefly arrested a yound newlywed bride .	the board of muslim clerics in fallujah , 50 km west of baghdad , " condemned the assassination and promised immediate revenge against the coalition soldiers in iraq . "	ash - sharq al - awsat reports that fallujah was closed tuesday in a general strike .	us marines moved into most of fallujah on wednesday , though they were still meeting pockets of resistance .	the fallujah fighting has killed fair numbers of iraqi noncombatants , including shaikh abdul wahhab al - janabi of the respected association of muslim scholars .	hundreds of persons mounted demonstrations against the fallujah campaign in tikrit and huwaijah , as well , according to az - zaman .	the battles and demonstrations were provoked by the us assault on fallujah .	allawi 's aged cousin and the man 's wife and daughter - in - law were abducted and guerrillas threaten to behead them if the fallujah compaign is not stopped .	the us marines took most of fallujah wednesday , but still face pockets of resistance .	jim lobe has more on the political implications of the fallujah assault , both in iraq and in washington .	for some black satire on fallujah , see unconfirmed sources which has some fun with my weblog .	john donovan from argghhh! has put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in fallujah .	one of the pictures shows a flag that was found in fallujah .	compare the flags to the fallujah one .	this fallujah operation my turn out to be the most important operation done by the us military since the end of the war .	reuters reported that " sunni clerics in the town issued a ' declaration by the people of fallujah ' condemning the deaths of the security guards and police , announcing three days of mourning , and calling for a general strike today . "	it read , " the people of fallujah condemn the massacre which was committed on friday against people dedicated to the protection of fallujah .	az - zaman : the association of muslim scholars forbade iraqis to participate in the attack on fallujah with the americans .	in a communique , the ams said that for iraqis to take part with " raiding forces " in the assault on a city , the population of which is muslim ( such as fallujah ) would be considered the most mortal of mortal sins .	the sunni ams told iraqis , " you sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the assault on najaf , and beware lest you repeat this same sin in fallujah .	the radical shiite sadr movement issued a statement forbidding the participation of iraqi troops in the attack on fallujah , as well .	it called a " ploy " the assertaion that the attack was merely on foreign fighters at fallujah .	the convergence of views among the more militant sunni muslim clerics of ams and the radical shiites of the sadr movement has been seen before , last spring during the initial us assault on fallujah and during the us attack on mahdi army militiamen in najaf .	most shiites , however , are still reluctant to take major risks to support the sunnis of fallujah , many of whom had supported saddam and his anti-shiite pogroms .
irritates	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .
shi'ite	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .	the recent elections in iraq were dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist shi'ite organizations , principally the dawa party and the supreme council for islamic revolution in iraq ( sciri ) .	both dawa and sciri have umbilical connections to the fundamentalist shi'ite leadership in iran that go back decades .	if the us attacks iran , it is probable that american forces - already taxed by attacks from sunni factions - will also face reprisal attacks in iraq from shi'ite factions loyal to iran .
clerics	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .	i would suggest going for tribal sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .	the board of muslim clerics in fallujah , 50 km west of baghdad , " condemned the assassination and promised immediate revenge against the coalition soldiers in iraq . "	reuters reported that " sunni clerics in the town issued a ' declaration by the people of fallujah ' condemning the deaths of the security guards and police , announcing three days of mourning , and calling for a general strike today . "	the clerics demanded talks with local us commanders .	the convergence of views among the more militant sunni muslim clerics of ams and the radical shiites of the sadr movement has been seen before , last spring during the initial us assault on fallujah and during the us attack on mahdi army militiamen in najaf .
throats	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .
fallujan	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .	he did once make an unforgivable error when he mentioned that fallujan militants were shooting at the marines from the roofs of mosques and houses in hay al - golan , but of course that is okay for al - jazeera .	leaving aside the fact that this views conflicts with other historical examples in the region , sunnis have never offered an alternative choice , which eventually leads one to guess that the opinion held by the fallujan taxi driver above is precisely what they are planning to implement .
ba'athists	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .	i had another conversation some months ago with a retired ba'athist old - timer who claimed that ba'athists have the means to stage a third coup d'etat and return to power within 10 hours of an american withdrawal .	i concur that ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates , along with the capital , if americans are to be removed from the picture entirely .	i would suggest going for tribal sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .
saddamites	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .
wahhabis	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .
's	yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars , they only come out in the open when americans leave the area , then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting their ak - 47's in the air .	i guess it 's just the old new arab ' me against my brother , me and my brother against my cousin , me and my cousin against my enemy ' , or ' the enemy of my enemy is my friend ' thing going on again .	elena 's motorcycle tour through the region around chernobyl has revived interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history .	... a drop in the birth rate , a deterioration in women 's reproductive health , an increase in complications during pregnancy and birth , and a deterioration in neonatal health ....	as a child in the 50's i had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy ( primitive at best ! ) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging -- they said it was not ca but stopped the treatments ....	the chernobyl children 's project ( http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp ) offers several ways to help the children of that region .	i 'm sorry to say elena 's story has been revealed to be a fake .	on the other , restrictions should be lifted on the mainstream muslim league - n and pakistan people 's party , who can defeat the mma in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret police .	al - zawahiri attempted to use musharraf 's lack of progress in helping the muslims of that indian state as a justification for his overthrow .	but sharon 's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace , and the bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the west bank and gaza .	sharon 's hard line has worked in tandem with hamas 's terrorism to ratchet up tensions further and further , which spill over into the muslim world and serve as a recruiting tool for al - qaeda in its search for agents willing to hit the united states .	3 ) make iraq another afghanistan , using the republican right 's own tactics against them .	the thing to keep in mind is that sunni arab nationalists and baathists and local sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the us in iraq than al - qaeda infiltrators , and it would be dangerous to take one 's eyes off the former ball .	let 's just remember a seminal bush moment in 1999 :	' bush fails reporter 's pop quiz on international leaders	hiller replied : " no , it 's four questions of four leaders in four hot spots . " . . .	bush , in answering the question about the leader of pakistan , also said : " the new pakistani general , he 's just been elected -- not elected , this guy took over office .	it appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and i think that 's good news for the subcontinent . "	gore released a statement friday taking bush to task for his comments on pakistan 's recent coup .	" i find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " gore said .	a spokesman for president clinton also criticized bush 's comments .	not only did bush not know who general pervez musharraf was , he seems to have confused coup - making with " taking office , " and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the pakistan military , then the world 's strongest supporter of the taliban , would bring " stability ! "	musharraf made his coup in part because of the military 's anger over prime minister nawaz sharif 's willingness to back down from confronting india over kashmir , so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger .	i ca n't tell you how ominous i found bush 's performance in that interview .	i still remember him stuttering about " the general , " unable to remember musharraf 's name .	so , one answer to bush 's charge about edwards is that if it had any merit , bush should have declined to run himself .	from friday 's daily star	any thorough assessment of the impact of the iraq war and its aftermath on israel 's security environment must , therefore , closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare .	the more radical shiites , who generally follow the theocratic notions of iran 's ayatollah ruhollah khomeini , routinely chant and demonstrate against israel .	these shiite movements had been suppressed by saddam hussein 's regime , but have now organized and armed themselves .	whereas saddam hussein 's dictatorship ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control , they are now free to organize .	if even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to iraq , its citizens will be able to benefit from the country 's petroleum reserves .
jazeera	speaking of fallujah , we have only al - jazeera to rely on for our news from there .	he did once make an unforgivable error when he mentioned that fallujan militants were shooting at the marines from the roofs of mosques and houses in hay al - golan , but of course that is okay for al - jazeera .	someone who called himself abu hafs from the ibn al - khattab brigades ( another new group ) was on al - jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the marines and he sweared that american soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents .	i recommend to you , even though most of you do not understand arabic , to watch al jazeera , from time to time .
mansour	they have sent over their top reporter ahmed mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of al - sahhaf .
spouting	they have sent over their top reporter ahmed mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of al - sahhaf .
sahhaf	they have sent over their top reporter ahmed mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of al - sahhaf .
targetting	" they are targetting ambulances " , " american snipers are shooting children and pregnant women " , and " they are using cluster bombs against civilians " is all you get to hear from him .
ambulances	" they are targetting ambulances " , " american snipers are shooting children and pregnant women " , and " they are using cluster bombs against civilians " is all you get to hear from him .	there are naive old - fashioned habits such as respecting religious sites and symbols , not using ambulances and hospitals for acts of war , avoiding the mutilation of dead bodies and not using children as human shields or human bombs .	do you search every ambulance after a few suicide murderers use ambulances to reach their targets ?	in the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister , because such an act is unthinkable , international law does not address killers shooting from hospitals , mosques and ambulances , while being protected by their government or society .
snipers	" they are targetting ambulances " , " american snipers are shooting children and pregnant women " , and " they are using cluster bombs against civilians " is all you get to hear from him .	in an apparently unrelated incidents , some eleven iraqis were killed by snipers on tuesday , including a group of police trainees in a bus near hilla and two police in kirkuk .
unforgivable	he did once make an unforgivable error when he mentioned that fallujan militants were shooting at the marines from the roofs of mosques and houses in hay al - golan , but of course that is okay for al - jazeera .
golan	he did once make an unforgivable error when he mentioned that fallujan militants were shooting at the marines from the roofs of mosques and houses in hay al - golan , but of course that is okay for al - jazeera .
hafs	someone who called himself abu hafs from the ibn al - khattab brigades ( another new group ) was on al - jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the marines and he sweared that american soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents .
khattab	someone who called himself abu hafs from the ibn al - khattab brigades ( another new group ) was on al - jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the marines and he sweared that american soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents .
sweared	someone who called himself abu hafs from the ibn al - khattab brigades ( another new group ) was on al - jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the marines and he sweared that american soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents .
mutilating	someone who called himself abu hafs from the ibn al - khattab brigades ( another new group ) was on al - jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the marines and he sweared that american soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents .	azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by abdul aziz bin muqrin , an al - qaeda operative in saudi arabia on an islamic website ' the voice of jihad ' , in which he stated that " although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in islam , but in this case it is allowed if muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions " .
iraqiyah	al - iraqiyah tv said that icdc were controlling ramadi .
ramadi	al - iraqiyah tv said that icdc were controlling ramadi .	iraqi cities such as fallujah and ramadi were on the truck route from amman to baghdad , and so came under the influence of the salafi movement , which is popular in jordan .	the al - bu nimr in ramadi and al - qaim rose in arms against saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of thamir madhlum al - dulaymi , an air force general belonging to their tribe .	in ramadi , there was a big demonstration .
azzaman	azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by abdul aziz bin muqrin , an al - qaeda operative in saudi arabia on an islamic website ' the voice of jihad ' , in which he stated that " although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in islam , but in this case it is allowed if muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions " .
muqrin	azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by abdul aziz bin muqrin , an al - qaeda operative in saudi arabia on an islamic website ' the voice of jihad ' , in which he stated that " although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in islam , but in this case it is allowed if muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions " .
infidels	azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by abdul aziz bin muqrin , an al - qaeda operative in saudi arabia on an islamic website ' the voice of jihad ' , in which he stated that " although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in islam , but in this case it is allowed if muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions " .
mogadishu	he added that " america does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation , they were kicked out of somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in mogadishu for the whole world to see " , and that " the day will come when the dead bodies of americans and jews would be dragged , defiled , and stepped on in the arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters " .
defiled	he added that " america does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation , they were kicked out of somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in mogadishu for the whole world to see " , and that " the day will come when the dead bodies of americans and jews would be dragged , defiled , and stepped on in the arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters " .
chernobyl	elena 's motorcycle tour through the region around chernobyl has revived interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history .	we all know what happened , but even to this day , there are many different versions and opinions on how it happened and what effect chernobyl will have on the health of people affected by the fallout .	now you can tour chernobyl and write your own story .	there was a soothing authoritative unscear ( united nations scientific committee on the effects of atomic radiation ) report in 2000 on the health effects of chernobyl confirming that there was no scientific evidence of any significant radiation - related health effects to most people exposed .	one of the most widespread myths of recent times is that the chernobyl nuclear reactor accident in 1986 caused many thousands of extra cancer deaths in neighbouring regions , and that public health has been severely affected by exposure to radiation .	in the last decade , there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and , to a certain extent , adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former soviet union ( wi940 ) which should be attributed to the chernobyl accident until proven otherwise .	the prestigious iaea ( international atomic energy agency ) published an early report on chernobyl which was based on information from russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	however , in april 2001 , the iaea published fifteen years after the chernobyl accident - lessons learned . which contradict the earlier reports .	the dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the chernobyl accident in all three countries - belarus , russia , and ukraine - in the post-accident period is characterized by persistent negative tendencies : the morbidity rate is going up , the number of really healthy children is dropping , and disability is increasing .	there is a lot to learn about chernobyl .	there are a wealth of references on chernobyl .	these links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called chernobyl :	http://digon_va.tripod.com/chernobyl.htm	http://www.calguard.ca.gov/ia/chernobyl-15%20years.htm	http://www.arps.org.au/chernobyl.htm	do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......	the chernobyl children 's project ( http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp ) offers several ways to help the children of that region .
assigning	this is not a post about fault - finding or assigning blame .
unscear	there was a soothing authoritative unscear ( united nations scientific committee on the effects of atomic radiation ) report in 2000 on the health effects of chernobyl confirming that there was no scientific evidence of any significant radiation - related health effects to most people exposed .
australasian	this was heavily promoted by the australasian radiation protection society in a press release titled the myths of chernobyl which contained the following :
conseguences	many people still believe that to be true , even though the ministry of russian federation on civil defence , emergencies and elimination of conseguences of natural disasters ( emercom of russia ) reported this in 1996 :
emercom	many people still believe that to be true , even though the ministry of russian federation on civil defence , emergencies and elimination of conseguences of natural disasters ( emercom of russia ) reported this in 1996 :
carcinoma	in the last decade , there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and , to a certain extent , adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former soviet union ( wi940 ) which should be attributed to the chernobyl accident until proven otherwise .
wi940	in the last decade , there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and , to a certain extent , adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former soviet union ( wi940 ) which should be attributed to the chernobyl accident until proven otherwise .
iaea	the prestigious iaea ( international atomic energy agency ) published an early report on chernobyl which was based on information from russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	however , in april 2001 , the iaea published fifteen years after the chernobyl accident - lessons learned . which contradict the earlier reports .	iaea report lessons learned	right now that seems to be the us , eu , and iaea .
contradict	however , in april 2001 , the iaea published fifteen years after the chernobyl accident - lessons learned . which contradict the earlier reports .	most of those making the charges have even flip - flopped , contradicting themselves .	no one can contradict me when i say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked	" no one can contradict me when i say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked .	wolfowitz contradicted counter-terrorism czar richard clarke when the latter spoke of the al - qaeda threat , insisting that the preeminent threat of terrorism against the us came from iraq , and indicating he accepted laurie mylroie 's crackpot conspiracy theory that saddam was behind the 1993 world trade towers bombing .
neonatal	... a drop in the birth rate , a deterioration in women 's reproductive health , an increase in complications during pregnancy and birth , and a deterioration in neonatal health ....
....	... a drop in the birth rate , a deterioration in women 's reproductive health , an increase in complications during pregnancy and birth , and a deterioration in neonatal health ....	as a child in the 50's i had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy ( primitive at best ! ) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging -- they said it was not ca but stopped the treatments ....	do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......	how would you like to know how you can live in a beautiful new house that is custom - designed to your specifications ......... and at no cost to you ?	and it 's not hard to do .... if you know how .	the only catch is that you have to have an income above $ 21,000 ...... and ...... you have to follow the easy instructions provided to you .	lots of important stories out there today jeff .... thank god and a few good souls for that conviction .	we now return you to your regularly scheduled programming ....	hmmmmmm ....................	the wikipedia entry for aerocom is just a stub .. waiting for someone to put some information into it ....	but who would do a thing like that .... hey wait a minute	executive order : amendments to executive orders 11030 , 13279 , 13339 , 13381 , and 13389 , and *** revocation *** of executive order 13011 ....	( the mixing of religion and militarism is a whole other topic .... )	let me know your thoughts .... then i will run it by oxley .	yo mama `s so fat ....	( if ..... ) ( iii ) definitive agreements acceptable to party a in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of [ the project to be owned by party b ] , including but not limited to the senior debt facility , commitments and all project documents , have been fully negotiated and executed and the [ project ] has been brought to financial close .	and you might think by reading this i blame the kids .....	and a good reason for starting this group .... company firewalls lol ;)	we 'll have four bands , and big d is cookin' ..... lots of fun and great prizes .	let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ..........	for those who believe ....................	it came from the nation whose king enrique viii adulterated the bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom god provided a wife with six fingers as abomination ( anne boleyn ) ... once again 6 , number of the beast ....	we are more popular than jesus and pope " ....	it is interesting to notice that he was shot seven times , being seven , as well as three , the holy numbers in holy cabalah tradition ....	the early days were the days of competition between paul and his wife and john and his wife and he knew he had to compete with ugly john for the leadership of the band in front of their wives and having yoko ono made him aware of his lack of virility and repressed homosexuality , he grew the beard that we see in the " let it be " film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film , doing every effort he could to be seen as a man ....	this is something that his ego trip of lucky bad musician could not face anymore ....	george harrison said that he is tired of listening to people talk about john lennon ....	without george martin the beatles would have been just another untalented band as oasis ....	satan deceiving mankind once again , as so many other thousands of times through the centuries ....	we recommend you to take that curse out of your house throwing away everything related to the devil 's main nine puppets ....	limerick is such a full city , shopping , night life , career choices , social choices , i came here about 12 years ago for college ..... and orla got it spot on , i have n't left , nor would i .	hi everyone .... just hav my hands on my new olympus x940 digital camera .. wel , i always wanted 2 hav one by sony .. but anyways , ended up having olympus x940 from my dad ....... does any1 already has it ?
post-accident	the dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the chernobyl accident in all three countries - belarus , russia , and ukraine - in the post-accident period is characterized by persistent negative tendencies : the morbidity rate is going up , the number of really healthy children is dropping , and disability is increasing .
morbidity	the dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the chernobyl accident in all three countries - belarus , russia , and ukraine - in the post-accident period is characterized by persistent negative tendencies : the morbidity rate is going up , the number of really healthy children is dropping , and disability is increasing .
succumbing	as a parent , i can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning .
viewpoints	these links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called chernobyl :	enron needs to use this situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the puct and ercot iso on what is driving these problems and our proposed fixes .	feel free to cut and paste and leave your comments , as these viewpoints cover the entire gamut surrounding the event .
http://www.ibiblio.org/expo/soviet.exhibit/chernobyl.html	http://www.ibiblio.org/expo/soviet.exhibit/chernobyl.html
http://www.ibrae.ac.ru/ibrae/eng/chernobyl/nat_rep/nat_repe.htm#24	http://www.ibrae.ac.ru/ibrae/eng/chernobyl/nat_rep/nat_repe.htm#24
http://www.nsrl.ttu.edu/chernobyl/wildlifepreserve.htm	http://www.nsrl.ttu.edu/chernobyl/wildlifepreserve.htm
http://www.environmentalchemistry.com/yogi/hazmat/articles/chernobyl1.html	http://www.environmentalchemistry.com/yogi/hazmat/articles/chernobyl1.html
http://digon_va.tripod.com/chernobyl.htm	http://digon_va.tripod.com/chernobyl.htm
http://www.oneworld.org/index_oc/issue196/byckau.html	http://www.oneworld.org/index_oc/issue196/byckau.html
http://www.collectinghistory.net/chernobyl/	http://www.collectinghistory.net/chernobyl/
http://www.ukrainianweb.com/chernobyl_ukraine.htm	http://www.ukrainianweb.com/chernobyl_ukraine.htm
http://www.bullatomsci.org/issues/1993/s93/s93marples.html	http://www.bullatomsci.org/issues/1993/s93/s93marples.html
http://www.calguard.ca.gov/ia/chernobyl-15%20years.htm	http://www.calguard.ca.gov/ia/chernobyl-15%20years.htm
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/gregorovich/index.html	http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/gregorovich/index.html
http://www.un.org/ha/chernobyl/	http://www.un.org/ha/chernobyl/
http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm	http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm
http://www.chernobyl.org.uk/page2.htm	http://www.chernobyl.org.uk/page2.htm
http://www.time.com/time/daily/chernobyl/860901.accident.html	http://www.time.com/time/daily/chernobyl/860901.accident.html
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/elg/	http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/elg/
http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.htm	http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.htm
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/conclusions5.html	http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/conclusions5.html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c01.html	http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c01.html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c05.html	http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c05.html
http://www.physics.isu.edu/radinf/chern.htm	http://www.physics.isu.edu/radinf/chern.htm
http://www.chernobyl.info/en	http://www.chernobyl.info/en
http://www.arps.org.au/chernobyl.htm	http://www.arps.org.au/chernobyl.htm
http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html	http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html
http://www.21stcenturysciencetech.com/articles/chernobyl.html	http://www.21stcenturysciencetech.com/articles/chernobyl.html
50's	as a child in the 50's i had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy ( primitive at best ! ) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging -- they said it was not ca but stopped the treatments ....
glandular	as a child in the 50's i had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy ( primitive at best ! ) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging -- they said it was not ca but stopped the treatments ....
lesion	as a child in the 50's i had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy ( primitive at best ! ) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging -- they said it was not ca but stopped the treatments ....	it is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in afghanistan .	the lesion is further evidence of al qaeda 's anthrax production program at kandahar .
enlarging	as a child in the 50's i had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy ( primitive at best ! ) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging -- they said it was not ca but stopped the treatments ....
--	as a child in the 50's i had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy ( primitive at best ! ) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging -- they said it was not ca but stopped the treatments ....	do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......	washington ( cnn ) --	bush , in answering the question about the leader of pakistan , also said : " the new pakistani general , he 's just been elected -- not elected , this guy took over office .	" i find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " gore said .	" further , i find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly after voicing his public opposition to the comprehensive test ban treaty .	and , he did n't think he needed to know anything about south asia , with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the us .	while most u.s. secretaries of state -- save perhaps dean rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with , few have been as brazen as colin powell .	two years ago , pakistani president pervez musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main islamist alliance -- maulana fazlur rahman -- visited india and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .	it was the business community in india that stepped in after vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002 , pointing out that the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear war -- was around the corner in the subcontinent was china .	under president hu jintao , beijing has opened out to new delhi and prime minister wen jiabao is expected to visit early next year , making friends by formally accepting sikkim as part of india and backing india as a permanent member of the u.n. security council -- thus leaving washington as the only one of the " permanent five " that has not yet done so .	---------	ponchatoula , la. --	in fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	archibald , a middle - class alabama boy -- who , by the way , is now a registered democrat -- did n't like that story .	and mek -- the iranian ( not iraqi ) terror group in question -- is itself unquestionably a cult :	when iraq invaded kuwait , many of these girls were transported to jordan and then smuggled to various countries -- germany , france , canada , denmark , england , the united states -- where they were raised by guardians who were usually mujahedeen supporters .	" another generation of heavy metal has taken over , and -- sorry -- it ai n't just about strippers and dope .	it 's become a guardian of morality -- not church morality ; real morality .	he may have been seen in hamilton , canada -- along with egyptian al - maati , who apparently also has received pilot training .	according to at least some reports , bin laden rejected the suggestion of a closer alliance -- preferring to pursue his own concept of jihad .	the media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason senators daschle and leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as " liberals . "	in his fall 2001 book titled knights under the banner of the prophet , zawahiri argued that the secular press was telling " lies " about the militant islamists -- to include the suggestion that the militant islamists were somehow the creation of the united states in connection with expelling the russians from afghanistan .	there is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to ami , the publisher of the national enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to jennifer lopez enclosing a star of david and proposing marriage .	( the letters were to different ami publications -- one to the national enquirer and another to the sun ) .	the purpose of the letter bombs -- which resulted in minimal casualty -- was to send a message .	( there initially was an outstanding $ 2 million reward -- under the rewards for justice program , the reward now is up to $ 5 million . ) .	greendale likely refers to green river valley -- i.e. , cairo 's egyptian islamic jihad or the islamic group .	the hatfill theory -- to include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7 / 24 surveillance by 8 surveillance specialists -- is now the subject of pending civil rights and libel claims of uncertain merit .	at some point , i 'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close ?	meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in january -- national charity league senior presentation ( big dance that she and i are committed to help with ) , the bearkadette ball and a winter party for cotillion .	-- sally
sizing	remember the old shoe sizing machines that was a form of radiation xray ?	freedom from the fear of corporate downsizing ?
xray	remember the old shoe sizing machines that was a form of radiation xray ?
hirsohima	do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......
nagaski	do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......
.......	do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......	how would you like to know how you can live in a beautiful new house that is custom - designed to your specifications ......... and at no cost to you ?	hmmmmmm ....................	let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ..........	for those who believe ....................	hi everyone .... just hav my hands on my new olympus x940 digital camera .. wel , i always wanted 2 hav one by sony .. but anyways , ended up having olympus x940 from my dad ....... does any1 already has it ?	ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated ....... thanks !!!!!!!	full name of the father is : " nguyen thanh luan " ===> full name of the son / daughter certainly is " nguyen .......... " , for instance , " nguyen thi thuy lan " .	let s be clear about this ...........	whatever you do ............... do not try to come here with out legal permission .	you can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking ........	mixed tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad .	....... the rest was history !	maybe the cat needs a " new ' home .........	moral of the story : do n't drink coke .......... drink pepsi !	i 've seen that ....... that does not help me at all it says what cubism influenced not what influnced cubism
http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp	the chernobyl children 's project ( http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp ) offers several ways to help the children of that region .
recuperation	one of them is the rest and recuperation program , wherein a child can come to the us for a few weeks in the summer .
wholesome	even a little time spent receiving wholesome , uncontaminated food , good medical care , etc. can add years to their lives .
uncontaminated	even a little time spent receiving wholesome , uncontaminated food , good medical care , etc. can add years to their lives .
etc.	even a little time spent receiving wholesome , uncontaminated food , good medical care , etc. can add years to their lives .	he will make sure that we do not request fx and inflation ( cpi , ppi , etc. ) curves when only one of the curves will actually be used in the valuation process and to determine which inflation index is needed .	all comments , suggestions , etc. are appreciated .	i believe we are to some extent already protected with " enron " proceeded with anything , but enrononline ( tm ) , etc. just affords us more protection .	i understand how competitive the process has become , but i felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , personality , extracurricular activities , etc. that this would compensate for my disability .	i understand that it is a competitive process , but i felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extracurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate for my disability .	i understand that it is a competitive process , but i felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	those who show up and complain , but are not participating in the working groups and the daily ercot phone calls , board meetings , etc. are ignored .	we envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order , filing , etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information .	1 . in section 1.1 , there should be a parentheses after etc. in the 5th line .	subject : where can i get the necessary software to get a " smart " mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps ? ( e.g. , pathalias , smail , etc. )	let me put it this way - if you have watched tv recently , crossed a modern bridge , flown in an airplane , recieved any form of modern medicine , did any mathematics , drove a car , used a cellular phone , etc. then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which nasa has returned to us .	step two : now take the # 1 name off the list that you see above , move the other names up ( six becomes 5 , 5 becomes 4 , and etc. ) and add your name as number 6 on the list .	antichrist john lennon followed the devil 's strategy writing lyrics such as " god is a concept by which we measure our pain ... i do n't believe in jesus , etc. , etc. , " ( god ) and " and no religions too ... " ( imagine ) .	after the devil began his devastating job from the ghostly " devil 's island " through his nine main puppets ( beatles - rolling stones ) , he possessed an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned island and weakening their conscience with drugs , he made them proclaimers of homosexuality , aversion to religion , destruction of family values , dissipation , mental illness , antisocialism , etc. , etc. ,	coming from an anglo - saxon country my version of dating is ' getting the number , asking her out , etc. . '	whether they pay me or not , if their parents get into an accident , stuck in traffic , etc. the last thing i would do is let a child get raped because i was n't paid .	in indian national chart besides the transit affliction to transit mercury by rahu and venus the natal saturn and venus are also under the transit affliction of rahu which has resulted into floods in many parts of the country taking toll of human lives , properties , etc. .	you can find them from indian oil building , sector - 37 , taj express road ( bus stops ) etc.
s.	s. and i have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years ; to see these little ones breaks the heart .	this is what edwards ' campaign literature said about his positions : " edwards believes that the u.s. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts , from reducing tensions between india and pakistan to the peace process in northern ireland .	edwards is a strong supporter of israel , and believes that the u.s. has a vital role in promoting peace between the israelis and the palestinians . "	while most u.s. secretaries of state -- save perhaps dean rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with , few have been as brazen as colin powell .	realists , and this even includes members of the u.s. democratic foreign policy establishment such as strobe talbott , who have long sought to divest india of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in asia , understand the only feasible solution for kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo .	bill clinton understood this at the end of his term in office yet , under colin powell ( who appears to have an affinity for generals active in politics ) , the pendulum of u.s. policy has once again swung toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the valley of kashmir loose from india .	the overwhelming majority of muslims in kashmir would be happy with such an outcome , except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the u.s. state department and the pakistan army , which would like to even the score with india for their catastrophic defeat in bangladesh in 1971 .	the u.s. state department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences on kashmir and , in most of them , the solution that has emerged is a valley prized loose from indian control and under its own version of ibrahim rugova .	with colin powell around , the u.s. has no need of an osama bin laden	hazim al - sha'lan , by the way , is the son of the late sheikh of al - khaza'il in diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister , m.s. al - sahaf , in his nonsensical media statements , which can be passed as jokes .	the u.s. and europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder , not the next one .	this conference will examine the business and regulatory challenges to u.s. electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under ferc 's rto initiatives .	5 . general colin powell , former chairman , joint chiefs of staff , u.s.a .	4 . alan greenspan , chairman , federal reserve , u.s.a .	3 . former u.s. president george bush	p.s. by the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the eol ?	susan s. bailey	attached for your further handling is the draft form deemed isda between ena and ispat mexicana s.a. de c.v .	we 'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to s.d. last week .	my flight gets into s.d. at at 8:35 on southwest .	jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives : finland , germany , norway , sweden , switzerland , the u.k , and the u.s. .	for banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. u.s. and u.k. branches ) .	brandee sanborn i.s.c. customer care design & process support http://isc.enron.com/site	p.s. please be sure to copy sarah dietrich and jennifer hillegonds on your response -- they will be taking this project during my " hiatus " -- i am moving to pa on friday of this week , and will be out of pocket through approximately 7/16 .	" neal s. manne " < nmanne@susmangodfrey.com >	" neal s. manne " < nmanne@susmangodfrey.com >	quebecker wins u.s. bravery award	u.s. industrialist andrew carnegie started a hero fund in 1904 after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster that killed 181 people .	the award comes with a $ 3,500 ( u.s. ) grant .	p.s. - i am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause .	this unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling - out with his iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of kuwait , a wholly - owned u.s. - british subsidiary .	my father re-secured the petroleum assets of kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty - one billion u.s. dollars ( $ 61,000,000,000 ) .
'm	i 'm sorry to say elena 's story has been revealed to be a fake .	i do n't know how others feel , but i 'm definitely looking into immigration to canada as an option .	maybe i 'm missing something here , but how , exactly , does one ' loose ' 200,000 ak47's ?	i 'm sure this kind of thing goes on all the time .	i 'm firing my editor .	i 'm wary of jumping into this fray without backup , that 's for damn sure . :)	i 'm a regular poster but for some reason blogger wo n't let me in today ... but sign me troublefunk .	also , i 'm quite clear on the fact that those in power now ( and , in general , most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure ) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the masses .	i 'm happy about this .	however , with my natural long , i 'm not looking to really trade around the position .	i 'm not sure that ene @ 75 is the place , but maybe @ 73 .	i 'm at x if you have any questions .	most fridays i 'm going to try to pick michael up since i 'm away so much , which means leaving by 445 or so .	i 'm watching for some good vacation days , also ...	i 'm looking for the confidentiality agreement , which may be in bart 's files ( have n't checked closely yet ) .	i 'm looking for the confidentiality agreement , which may be in bart 's files ( have n't checked closely yet ) .	i 'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ena tabs agreement .	so i 'm going with you , i pay for the gas and the twinkies .	good to hear from you and i 'm glad you 're available .	i 'm very proud of what we 've done .	after one month 's full - bore effort , i 'm pleased with the results ( e.g. , we forecast nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .	i 'm not planning to get involved since this is your deal .	i 'm forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet , showing revisions from your original version .	2 . i 'm getting ready to divy up the dow stock .	last thing , send me a million dollars , i 'm tired of working .	i 'm checking my emails .	i 'm still at home .	if jeff is happy , i 'm happy .	i 'm still at home .	if jeff is happy , i 'm happy .	i 'm working on it now .	and his apartment is so run down down i 'm afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby .
videotape	what do the new al - qaeda videotape and audio speeches of bin laden and ayman al - zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization ?
ayman	what do the new al - qaeda videotape and audio speeches of bin laden and ayman al - zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization ?	al qaeda , anthrax and ayman : means , motive , modus operandi and opportunity	what your morning paper did not tell you , however , was that the cia seized a similar disc from ayman zawahiri 's right - hand , ahmed salama mabruk , 5 years earlier .	but if experience is any guide , nothing would stand in the way of dr. ayman zawahiri 's decade - long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against us targets that was described by one confidante to an egyptian newspaper reporter .	emails from zawahiri to atef in the spring of 1999 indicate that ayman was a close student of the usamriid anthrax program .	the confidante and right - hand man of dr. ayman zawahiri admitted that zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against us targets .	in 1998 they were joined by egyptians from the al - jihad al - islami group of ayman al - zawahiri ( many of these were from upper egypt , especially asyut and environs ) .
zawahiri	what do the new al - qaeda videotape and audio speeches of bin laden and ayman al - zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization ?	because the us and pakistan have managed to capture or kill about 2 / 3s of the top 25 al - qaeda commanders , the middle managers are not in close contact with al - zawahiri and bin laden .	mma also captured the northwest frontier province , which probably shelters bin laden and al - zawahiri , and is in a joint government of baluchistan province , also on the afghanistan border .	al - zawahiri attempted to use musharraf 's lack of progress in helping the muslims of that indian state as a justification for his overthrow .	zawahiri was associated with a faction of the egyptian islamic jihad known as the vanguards of conquest .	zawahiri and the vanguards of conquest were seeking to recreate mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on egyptian leaders .	by 1998 , zawahiri had determined that the egyptian islamic jihad should focus on its struggle against the united states and hold off on further attacks against the egyptian regime .	princeton islamist scholar bernard lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad , extremists like zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .	what your morning paper did not tell you , however , was that the cia seized a similar disc from ayman zawahiri 's right - hand , ahmed salama mabruk , 5 years earlier .	but if experience is any guide , nothing would stand in the way of dr. ayman zawahiri 's decade - long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against us targets that was described by one confidante to an egyptian newspaper reporter .	the islamist had been released from egyptian prison and had known zawahiri well for many years .	emails from zawahiri to atef in the spring of 1999 indicate that ayman was a close student of the usamriid anthrax program .	the wall street journal reported that a computer used by zawahiri contains a june 1999 memo that " said the program should seek cover and talent in educational institutions , which it said were ' more beneficial to us and allow easy access to specialists , which will greatly benefit us in the first stage , god willing . ' ''	zawahiri was associated with a faction of the egyptian islamic jihad known as the vanguards of conquest .	zawahiri and the vanguards of conquest were seeking to recreate mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on egyptian leaders .	by 1998 , zawahiri had determined that the egyptian islamic jihad should focus on its struggle against the united states and hold off on further attacks against the egyptian regime .	a few days before christmas 2003 , after a renewed audiotape threat by zawahiri of attacks , to include in the us homeland , the threat level was raised to orange or " high . "	after the alert condition had long since returned to yellow , zawahiri in late february issued another audiotape .	zawahiri said that the us should expect another 9/11 on us soil .	according to some reports , zawahiri is thought by intelligence to be somewhere near the border of pakistan and afghanistan .	zawahiri , al qaeda 's # 2 , is head of al qaeda 's biochemical program .	the cia has known of zawahiri 's plans to use anthrax for a half decade .	the confidante and right - hand man of dr. ayman zawahiri admitted that zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against us targets .	even zawahiri 's attorney in 1999 said that bin laden and zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior al qaeda leaders faced .	a recently released islamist who had been a close associate of zawahiri said that zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in russia and the middle east .	the fellow was carrying papers from zawahiri and bragging about his ability to manipulate anthrax .	zawahiri did travel to baghdad in 1998 with an entourage to attend the birthday party of saddam 's son .	zawahiri likely targeted senators daschle and leahy to receive anthrax letters , in addition to various media outlets , because of the appropriations made pursuant to the " leahy law " to military and security forces .	this extradition and imprisonment of al qaeda leaders , along with us support for israel and the mubarak government in egypt , remains foremost in the mind of dr. zawahiri .	in his fall 2001 book titled knights under the banner of the prophet , zawahiri argued that the secular press was telling " lies " about the militant islamists -- to include the suggestion that the militant islamists were somehow the creation of the united states in connection with expelling the russians from afghanistan .	zawahiri argued instead that they have been active since the assassination of anwar sadat in egypt because of the camp david accord and the resulting peace treaty between egypt and israel .	this tactic of letters is not merely the modus operandi of these militant islamists inspired by zawahiri , it is their signature .
3s	because the us and pakistan have managed to capture or kill about 2 / 3s of the top 25 al - qaeda commanders , the middle managers are not in close contact with al - zawahiri and bin laden .	currently we have a blank " sample " for our paragraph 13s which are attached to our sample isdas for ( a ) us corporate , ( b ) hedge funds , ( c ) municipal .
gen.	these are 1 ) assassinate or overthrow gen. pervez musharraf , the pakistani military " president " who had made a coup in 1999 and has thrown in his lot with the united states against the taliban and al - qaeda .	hiller asked , inquiring about gen. pervaiz musharraf , who seized control of the country october 12 .	4 ) r. ansems gen. foulkesstraat 5 4641 bw ossendrecht netherlands	but in fall of 1999 , gen. pervez musharraf made a coup against nawaz sharif .
pervez	these are 1 ) assassinate or overthrow gen. pervez musharraf , the pakistani military " president " who had made a coup in 1999 and has thrown in his lot with the united states against the taliban and al - qaeda .	not only did bush not know who general pervez musharraf was , he seems to have confused coup - making with " taking office , " and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the pakistan military , then the world 's strongest supporter of the taliban , would bring " stability ! "	two years ago , pakistani president pervez musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main islamist alliance -- maulana fazlur rahman -- visited india and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .	despite sept. 11 , the united states still supports the kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price washington is paying to keep pervez musharraf happy .	unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in south asia , pervez musharraf has now called colin powell 's bluff , challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the indians jump to his commands .	but in fall of 1999 , gen. pervez musharraf made a coup against nawaz sharif .
musharraf	these are 1 ) assassinate or overthrow gen. pervez musharraf , the pakistani military " president " who had made a coup in 1999 and has thrown in his lot with the united states against the taliban and al - qaeda .	musharraf has been trying to purge his officer corps of the substantial number of al - qaeda sympathizers .	musharraf held elections in october of 2002 , in which center - right parties did well , but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party coalition , mma .	if al - qaeda can kill musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by islamist junior officers , they can hope to catapult the mma to power as political allies and hosts .	on the one hand , it should pressure musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " legal framework order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	al - zawahiri attempted to use musharraf 's lack of progress in helping the muslims of that indian state as a justification for his overthrow .	hiller asked , inquiring about gen. pervaiz musharraf , who seized control of the country october 12 .	not only did bush not know who general pervez musharraf was , he seems to have confused coup - making with " taking office , " and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the pakistan military , then the world 's strongest supporter of the taliban , would bring " stability ! "	musharraf made his coup in part because of the military 's anger over prime minister nawaz sharif 's willingness to back down from confronting india over kashmir , so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger .	i still remember him stuttering about " the general , " unable to remember musharraf 's name .	musharraf went on to play nuclear brinkmanship with india in 2002 , risking war twice that year .	although musharraf did turn against the taliban after september 11 , under extreme duress from the us , elements of his military continued to support radical islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on musharraf himself .	musharraf calls the bluff	two years ago , pakistani president pervez musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main islamist alliance -- maulana fazlur rahman -- visited india and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .	despite sept. 11 , the united states still supports the kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price washington is paying to keep pervez musharraf happy .	unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in south asia , pervez musharraf has now called colin powell 's bluff , challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the indians jump to his commands .	once the manmohan singh government shows that it has little appetite for suicide , musharraf will face the moment of truth : accept the inevitable , or once again ramp up the insurgency and spawn a fresh lot of killers that can hit not merely mumbai and new delhi but london and chicago as well .	karzai , musharraf new regional equations	since september 11 , pakistan has been repeatedly accused by afghan and western leaders of harbouring taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections , but at the highest level the us has avoided criticising president pervaiz musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the us catch al qaeda elements inside pakistan .	that changed on september 22 when president george w. bush , musharraf and karzai held a three way meeting in new york on the sidelines of the un general assembly .	western and afghan diplomats intimately involved with the meeting , said bush pushed musharraf hard on reigning in the taliban so the elections could take place peacefully .	bush is reported to have asked a flustered musharraf .	'' president musharraf promised to help us and cooperate with us on curbing terrorist activity by the taliban , '' says karzai .	the next day an angry musharraf categorically said that pakistan would not send pakistani troops to iraq , a clear snub to the americans .	us and nato military officers in kabul say it is too early to say whether bush 's tough message was instrumental in persuading musharraf and the isi to pressure the taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections .	musharraf has always maintained that the us has never provided actionable intelligence about taliban leaders hiding in baluchistan .	karzai categorically said that he has assured musharraf repeatedly that any adverse action against pakistan taken by indian diplomats inside afghanistan would be acted upon swiftly .	but in fall of 1999 , gen. pervez musharraf made a coup against nawaz sharif .	musharraf told clinton he could n't use pakistani soil or air space to send the team in against bin laden .
sympathizers	musharraf has been trying to purge his officer corps of the substantial number of al - qaeda sympathizers .	response : iraq is actually hostile territory for al - qaeda , and without iraqi sympathizers it can not succeed there .	al qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the fbi 's involvement in countries like egypt , saudi arabia , pakistan , indonesia , and the philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries .
zubayda	his military intelligence has captured major figures like abu zubayda and khalid shaykh muhammad , as well as nearly 500 other al - qaeda operatives , over 400 of whom the pakistanis have turned over to the us .
shaykh	his military intelligence has captured major figures like abu zubayda and khalid shaykh muhammad , as well as nearly 500 other al - qaeda operatives , over 400 of whom the pakistanis have turned over to the us .
pakistanis	his military intelligence has captured major figures like abu zubayda and khalid shaykh muhammad , as well as nearly 500 other al - qaeda operatives , over 400 of whom the pakistanis have turned over to the us .	'' it was the first time that bush totally focused on the taliban threat rather than al qaeda with the pakistanis , '' says a western diplomat .
fundamentalist	musharraf held elections in october of 2002 , in which center - right parties did well , but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party coalition , mma .	sunni arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the palestinians and with hamas , and those in iraq have deep historical inks with fundamentalists in jordan and palestine .	an iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias proliferate is inevitably a security worry for israel .	my real problem is with literalist fundamentalists , of any religion .	the recent elections in iraq were dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist shi'ite organizations , principally the dawa party and the supreme council for islamic revolution in iraq ( sciri ) .	both dawa and sciri have umbilical connections to the fundamentalist shi'ite leadership in iran that go back decades .	falluja has long been roiled by tense relations with the us soldiers there , since local sunnis either remain committed to arab nationalism or have become sunni fundamentalists or even radicals .	another worrisome sign is that local iraqi sunni fundamentalists opposed to the us presence in iraq have begun joining monotheism and holy war , and wearing its distinctive orange and black insignia .	the consolidation of smaller local radical fundamentalist groups with al - qaeda can also be seen in the case of the fizazi group in tangiers that morphed into the moroccan islamic combatant group , had members who met with september 11 ringleader muhammad atta , and ultimately was in part responsible for the madrid train bombings .
baluchistan	mma also captured the northwest frontier province , which probably shelters bin laden and al - zawahiri , and is in a joint government of baluchistan province , also on the afghanistan border .	'' pakistan now has a large force deployed in baluchistan which was not there before , '' says lt. general david barno .	also several days before the elections pakistan closed the border crossing point at chaman in baluchistan which is a key entry point for the taliban into afghanistan .	musharraf has always maintained that the us has never provided actionable intelligence about taliban leaders hiding in baluchistan .
instigate	if al - qaeda can kill musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by islamist junior officers , they can hope to catapult the mma to power as political allies and hosts .	the recall of all obsf stock in early april and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated .	middle office have instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement / funding data to working capital components for all metals businesses .
catapult	if al - qaeda can kill musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by islamist junior officers , they can hope to catapult the mma to power as political allies and hosts .
crackpot	all this is highly unlikely , as with most al - qaeda crackpot schemes .	wolfowitz contradicted counter-terrorism czar richard clarke when the latter spoke of the al - qaeda threat , insisting that the preeminent threat of terrorism against the us came from iraq , and indicating he accepted laurie mylroie 's crackpot conspiracy theory that saddam was behind the 1993 world trade towers bombing .	if you believe crackpot theories instead of focusing on the reality -- that was an al - qaeda operation mainly carried out by al - gamaa al - islamiyyah , an egyptian terrorist component allied with bin laden -- then you will concentrate on the wrong threat .
mujahidin	but so was it unlikely that a small group of arab mujahidin would virtually take over afghanistan .
perpetuates	on the one hand , it should pressure musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " legal framework order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .
hogtied	on the other , restrictions should be lifted on the mainstream muslim league - n and pakistan people 's party , who can defeat the mma in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret police .
isolating	response : the us has succeeded in politically isolating hamas , and started the process of cutting off its funding .
defanged	it should continue to be defanged .
outrages	but sharon 's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace , and the bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the west bank and gaza .
ratchet	sharon 's hard line has worked in tandem with hamas 's terrorism to ratchet up tensions further and further , which spill over into the muslim world and serve as a recruiting tool for al - qaeda in its search for agents willing to hit the united states .
militarily	israel owes the united states at least this much , in this crisis , to cease militarily unnecessary provocations and establish genuine peace .	but kalkat pointed out that india would be ill - advised to be involved again , militarily , with sri lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic tamils in the indian state of tamil nadu - separated from sri lanka 's jaffna peninsula by the narrow palk straits .
provocations	israel owes the united states at least this much , in this crisis , to cease militarily unnecessary provocations and establish genuine peace .
shiites	certainly , the shiites already hate al - qaeda and would help ; likewise the kurds .	the more radical shiites , who generally follow the theocratic notions of iran 's ayatollah ruhollah khomeini , routinely chant and demonstrate against israel .	worse for israel , the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious grand ayatollah ali sistani , who wields enormous moral authority over iraqi shiites .	they have also reestablished their historical links with lebanese and iranian shiites .	it is inevitable that most iraqi shiites will side with their hizbullah coreligionists against israel , and it seems likely that iraqi shiites will get rich enough from iraqi petroleum sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll lebanese shiite radicals .	that private wealth can easily be funneled into aid for the palestinians and for lebanese shiites .	how did the cpa get to the point where it has turned even iraqi shiites , who were initially grateful for the removal of saddam hussein , against the united states ?	they know that the american advent implies for them a demotion , and an elevation of the shiites and kurds , and they refuse to go quietly .	the convergence of views among the more militant sunni muslim clerics of ams and the radical shiites of the sadr movement has been seen before , last spring during the initial us assault on fallujah and during the us attack on mahdi army militiamen in najaf .	most shiites , however , are still reluctant to take major risks to support the sunnis of fallujah , many of whom had supported saddam and his anti-shiite pogroms .
kurds	certainly , the shiites already hate al - qaeda and would help ; likewise the kurds .	even there , many kurds look and act as if they are going to grab the chance to vote them out of power .	they know that the american advent implies for them a demotion , and an elevation of the shiites and kurds , and they refuse to go quietly .
mollifying	the problem of mollifying the sunnis , though , has to be solved to avoid giving al - qaeda an entree .
sunnis	the problem of mollifying the sunnis , though , has to be solved to avoid giving al - qaeda an entree .	leaving aside the fact that this views conflicts with other historical examples in the region , sunnis have never offered an alternative choice , which eventually leads one to guess that the opinion held by the fallujan taxi driver above is precisely what they are planning to implement .	but i also see that as a fatal misconception , which is doing sunnis harm , because i do n't believe the us is going anywhere so soon .	the shia can not live without the sunnis , and vice versa .	falluja has long been roiled by tense relations with the us soldiers there , since local sunnis either remain committed to arab nationalism or have become sunni fundamentalists or even radicals .	most shiites , however , are still reluctant to take major risks to support the sunnis of fallujah , many of whom had supported saddam and his anti-shiite pogroms .
entree	the problem of mollifying the sunnis , though , has to be solved to avoid giving al - qaeda an entree .	pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time i go there i 'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree .	the portions were generous and we got out for less than the cost of one entree at some chain restaurant .	and every entree we have ordered is perfect .	someplace that is like $ 30 an entree .
fetishism	the americans have to put away their free - market fetishism for a while and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into iraqi households .
fdr	we need an fdr in iraq , not a ronald reagan .
rallying	getting the spanish out of iraq is n't nearly as good a rallying cry for al - qaeda in the arab world as getting the americans and british out .
infiltrators	the thing to keep in mind is that sunni arab nationalists and baathists and local sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the us in iraq than al - qaeda infiltrators , and it would be dangerous to take one 's eyes off the former ball .
w.	george w. bush alleged thursday that john edwards lacks the experience necessary to be president .	texas gov. george w. bush is enduring sharp criticism for being unable to name the leaders of four current world hot spots , but president bill clinton says bush " should , and probably will , pick up " those names .	what do you really know about george w. bush 's time in the air national guard ?	that changed on september 22 when president george w. bush , musharraf and karzai held a three way meeting in new york on the sidelines of the un general assembly .	the true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that george w. bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life .	this campaign season , there have been questions about whether george w. bush fulfilled his obligations to the national guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s .	1 . texas governor george w. bush	w. don germany , jr po box 27 cedar lane , texas 77415-0027	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034	thomas w. daugherty vice president for spiritual care methodist health care system 6565 fannin street , d - 200 houston , texas 77030-2707 office : 713-793-1429 page : 281-735-5919 cell : 713-819-2784 fax : 713-790-2605	5 ) w. brumbley 4632 hilton ave suite # 31 columbus , ohio 43228	george w. bush and his administration have consistently undertaken incredibly dangerous courses of action in order to garner political power on the home front .	1381 w. hubbard	@ w.a.b.b.y ,	bush nominated jennifer m. anderson for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the superior court of the district of columbia , replacing steffen w. graae .	it 's a western scene by a guy named w.h.s. koerner called ' a charge to keep . '	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail	u.s. president george w. bush shakes hands with chinese president hu jintao in a bilateral meeting in santiago .
hoists	the problem with this argument is that bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000 , so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard .
petard	the problem with this argument is that bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000 , so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard .
3:29	web posted at : 3:29 p.m. est ( 2029 gmt )
p.m.	web posted at : 3:29 p.m. est ( 2029 gmt )	there are three possible dates for the meeting , which i suggest be in two parts -- first , a meeting among the panel only from 5:00 - 6:30 p.m. , and then a dinner with chairman levitt from 6:30 - 8:30 p.m .	kindly confirm your availability to attend an analyst and associate recruiting meeting scheduled for thursday , july 26th at 2:00 p.m. ( 4:00 p.m. toronto time ) .	please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m. , friday , may 4th
2029	web posted at : 3:29 p.m. est ( 2029 gmt )
gmt	web posted at : 3:29 p.m. est ( 2029 gmt )	when : wednesday , september 19 , 2001 10:30 am - 11:30 am ( gmt - 08:00 ) pacific time ( us & canada ) ; tijuana .
gov.	texas gov. george w. bush is enduring sharp criticism for being unable to name the leaders of four current world hot spots , but president bill clinton says bush " should , and probably will , pick up " those names .	winter defied his own board and gov. gray davis when he filed a 50 - page request to remove the caps , records and interviews show .
hiller	the front - runner for the 2000 republican presidential nomination faltered thursday in an international affairs pop quiz posed by andy hiller , a political reporter for whdh - tv in boston .	hiller asked bush to name the leaders of chechnya , taiwan , india and pakistan .	hiller asked , inquiring about gen. pervaiz musharraf , who seized control of the country october 12 .	hiller replied : " no , it 's four questions of four leaders in four hot spots . " . . .
whdh	the front - runner for the 2000 republican presidential nomination faltered thursday in an international affairs pop quiz posed by andy hiller , a political reporter for whdh - tv in boston .
chechnya	hiller asked bush to name the leaders of chechnya , taiwan , india and pakistan .	more people die from aids in one day in africa than all the russians who died in the hands of chechnya - based moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started .
teng	bush was only able to give a partial response to the query on the leader of taiwan , referring to taiwanese president lee teng - hui simply as " lee . "
inquiring	hiller asked , inquiring about gen. pervaiz musharraf , who seized control of the country october 12 .	i was originally inquiring about purchasing a cross or signac impressionist lithograph .
pervaiz	hiller asked , inquiring about gen. pervaiz musharraf , who seized control of the country october 12 .	since september 11 , pakistan has been repeatedly accused by afghan and western leaders of harbouring taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections , but at the highest level the us has avoided criticising president pervaiz musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the us catch al qaeda elements inside pakistan .
troubling	" i find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " gore said .	most troubling , however , is the fact that the political will to end the crisis expressed a few short weeks ago seems to have ebbed .
characterize	the dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the chernobyl accident in all three countries - belarus , russia , and ukraine - in the post-accident period is characterized by persistent negative tendencies : the morbidity rate is going up , the number of really healthy children is dropping , and disability is increasing .	" i find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " gore said .	in the winter , they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation - like state called brumation , which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity .
voicing	" further , i find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly after voicing his public opposition to the comprehensive test ban treaty .	they are invoicing for this and i do n't have an invoice for it .	they are invoicing for this and i do n't have an invoice for it .	$ 1.8 m - additional month of pge revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001 - $ collected
condone	" it is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected governments , " said david leavy , spokesman for the national security council .
democratically	" it is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected governments , " said david leavy , spokesman for the national security council .
leavy	" it is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected governments , " said david leavy , spokesman for the national security council .
nawaz	musharraf made his coup in part because of the military 's anger over prime minister nawaz sharif 's willingness to back down from confronting india over kashmir , so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger .	clinton had worked out a deal with pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif in summer of 1999 that would have allowed the us to send a special ops team in after bin laden in qandahar , based from pakistan .	but in fall of 1999 , gen. pervez musharraf made a coup against nawaz sharif .
warmonger	musharraf made his coup in part because of the military 's anger over prime minister nawaz sharif 's willingness to back down from confronting india over kashmir , so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger .
stuttering	i still remember him stuttering about " the general , " unable to remember musharraf 's name .
equating	he obviously liked authoritarian rule better than democracy , equating dictatorship with " stability . "
brinkmanship	musharraf went on to play nuclear brinkmanship with india in 2002 , risking war twice that year .
duress	although musharraf did turn against the taliban after september 11 , under extreme duress from the us , elements of his military continued to support radical islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on musharraf himself .
islamism	although musharraf did turn against the taliban after september 11 , under extreme duress from the us , elements of his military continued to support radical islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on musharraf himself .
rampaged	indeed , given how bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the us , one might well argue that edwards knows more now than bush does .
alienating	indeed , given how bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the us , one might well argue that edwards knows more now than bush does .
u.s.	this is what edwards ' campaign literature said about his positions : " edwards believes that the u.s. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts , from reducing tensions between india and pakistan to the peace process in northern ireland .	edwards is a strong supporter of israel , and believes that the u.s. has a vital role in promoting peace between the israelis and the palestinians . "	while most u.s. secretaries of state -- save perhaps dean rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with , few have been as brazen as colin powell .	realists , and this even includes members of the u.s. democratic foreign policy establishment such as strobe talbott , who have long sought to divest india of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in asia , understand the only feasible solution for kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo .	bill clinton understood this at the end of his term in office yet , under colin powell ( who appears to have an affinity for generals active in politics ) , the pendulum of u.s. policy has once again swung toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the valley of kashmir loose from india .	the overwhelming majority of muslims in kashmir would be happy with such an outcome , except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the u.s. state department and the pakistan army , which would like to even the score with india for their catastrophic defeat in bangladesh in 1971 .	the u.s. state department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences on kashmir and , in most of them , the solution that has emerged is a valley prized loose from indian control and under its own version of ibrahim rugova .	with colin powell around , the u.s. has no need of an osama bin laden	the u.s. and europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder , not the next one .	this conference will examine the business and regulatory challenges to u.s. electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under ferc 's rto initiatives .	5 . general colin powell , former chairman , joint chiefs of staff , u.s.a .	4 . alan greenspan , chairman , federal reserve , u.s.a .	3 . former u.s. president george bush	jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives : finland , germany , norway , sweden , switzerland , the u.k , and the u.s. .	for banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. u.s. and u.k. branches ) .	quebecker wins u.s. bravery award	u.s. industrialist andrew carnegie started a hero fund in 1904 after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster that killed 181 people .	the award comes with a $ 3,500 ( u.s. ) grant .	this unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling - out with his iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of kuwait , a wholly - owned u.s. - british subsidiary .	my father re-secured the petroleum assets of kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty - one billion u.s. dollars ( $ 61,000,000,000 ) .	on september 21 , 2004 , the u.s. senate appropriations committee approved $ 16.379 billion in funding for nasa for fiscal year 2005 .	u.s. senate committee on appropriations	china 's overtures to join the u.s. - led effort to develop the 16 - nation international space station have been thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues , including the asian country 's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat .	during the u.s. and russian lunar race during the cold war , nasa scored an early coup by circling the moon with the apollo 8 crew over the 1968 christmas holidays .	now get 6 u.s. $ 1.00 bills and place one inside of each of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope ( to prevent thievery ) .	so i checked it out with the u.s. post office ( 1-800-238-5355 ) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal !!	this trickle grew into a flood , resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in yellowstone in 1995 by the u.s. fish and wildlife service -- albeit over the strong and still - continuing objections of ranchers .	" all you have to do is look at the photographs , " ed bangs , wolf recovery coordinator for the u.s. fish and wildlife service , told upi 's blue planet ,	as the pew report concluded , " sufficient studies now exist to conclude that the consequences of climate change are already detectable within u.s. ecosystems . "	by dumping some portion of their reserves , these countries could put the dollar under intense pressure and send u.s. interest rates skyrocketing .	the united states goes into a war zone and evacuates a bunch of u.s. citizens ( most of whom were " dual - citizens " ) .	then , eschewing normal procedure , the department of state waived the fees that they charge for evacuating u.s. citizen .
wearies	as the american public gradually wearies of the iraq crisis , some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the us by creating the conditions for anti-american terrorism .
anti-american	as the american public gradually wearies of the iraq crisis , some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the us by creating the conditions for anti-american terrorism .	not only is the army facing serious political fallout , growing anti-americanism and anti-army feeling in the tribal areas but it is also taking heavy casualties - between 400 - 500 pakistani soldiers have been killed in the region since march .	angry crowds chanted anti-american slogans in the western city of falluja ( pop. 256,000 ) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by us troops were buried on saturday .
acutely	israel , however , is much closer to iraq and is likely to suffer from iraqi instability much more acutely than will the united states .
neoconservative	ironically , among the strongest proponents of war in iraq were israeli prime minister ariel sharon and his neoconservative supporters in the us .
asymmetrical	the biggest threat israel faces is not from conventional armies but from the asymmetrical tactics of palestinian national liberation movements .	any thorough assessment of the impact of the iraq war and its aftermath on israel 's security environment must , therefore , closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare .	although it is often alleged ( without much evidence ) that saddam hussein gave money to the families of palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare , it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to israel .	they include 120,000 iranian revolutionary guards trained for land and naval asymmetrical warfare .	even the small navy that iran puts to sea is capable enough to harass shipping , and several cases of small boat operations against oil well heads in the gulf during that period made it clear small asymmetrical tactics of the iranian navy could be quite effective . "	currently , the us is facing an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding small arms , shoulder - fired grenades and roadside bombs .
derailing	the derailing of the oslo peace process by the hard - line policies of sharon and the palestinian intifada has encouraged suicide bombings .
intifada	the derailing of the oslo peace process by the hard - line policies of sharon and the palestinian intifada has encouraged suicide bombings .
hizbullah	although israel withdrew from lebanese territory in may 2000 , the radical lebanese shiite party , hizbullah , has not been mollified .	it is inevitable that most iraqi shiites will side with their hizbullah coreligionists against israel , and it seems likely that iraqi shiites will get rich enough from iraqi petroleum sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll lebanese shiite radicals .
mollified	although israel withdrew from lebanese territory in may 2000 , the radical lebanese shiite party , hizbullah , has not been mollified .
5,000	it is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the shebaa farms , a sliver of syrian territory that israel annexed after the 1967 war .	the us chose to ally itself with such groups as the supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq , whose 15,000 - strong badr corps paramilitary was trained by the iranian revolutionary guards .	the interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but i fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	yazid sufaat provided moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for infocus technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .	$ 5,000 signing	$ 5,000 signing	another alternative is to give murphy barrels at their 95,000 bpd meraux , louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrels .	as of 2002 , syria had some 215,000 soldiers under arms , 4,700 tanks , and a massive artillery capability .	15,000 - number of major chemical facilities in the united states .	your answer does n't do anything but remind me that i 'm going to be $ 25,000 in debt by the time i 'm 22 .	he said the top three cartoons will be announced on september 2 , with the winners being awarded prizes of 12,000 , 8,000 and 5,000 dollars respectively .	i am expecting to pay something in the $ 3, to $ 5,000 range .	valero said it was reducing rates at its 243,000 bpd texas city refinery and its 85,000 bpd houston refinery .	they 'll tell you one thing then $ 5,000 later do another .	the african union is clearly not up to the task of keeping the peace , pledging 300 troops to an area that will need 15,000 , according to analysts .	it could notionally be expanded to encompass the 5,000 - strong " 55th brigade " of the taliban regime , though this is not the technical definition .
compel	it is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the shebaa farms , a sliver of syrian territory that israel annexed after the 1967 war .	here are the revised dates for the response / reply / and hearing dates for enron 's motion to compel .	the motion to compel is now scheduled for dec. 12 at 2 p.m .	one compelling argument for reintroduction was the wolf acts as a keystone predator , an animal that affects the populations , behavior and ecology of a wide variety of species within its range .	i 'm compeltly dissatisfied with their service and their products .	the story had brillant battle scenes , lovable heroes and villians , a compelling story line , and it left me dying for the next part of the series :) go to taleofterra.com to learn more aboout it
shebaa	it is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the shebaa farms , a sliver of syrian territory that israel annexed after the 1967 war .
sliver	it is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the shebaa farms , a sliver of syrian territory that israel annexed after the 1967 war .
overtures	at some points , as in the late 1980s , he reportedly made behind - the - scenes overtures to the israelis to arrive at some sort of a deal .	china 's overtures to join the u.s. - led effort to develop the 16 - nation international space station have been thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues , including the asian country 's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat .
stockpiles	by the late 1990s , iraq had no nuclear or biological weapons program , and had destroyed its chemical weapons stockpiles .	arial photos of the lab were uranium is being enriched , somewhat like those of chemical weapons stockpiles in iraq .
ramshackle	its ramshackle army had virtually collapsed before the american invasion in 2003 .
bungling	the bungling of post-war iraq by the bush administration created a weak and failed state .
post-war	the bungling of post-war iraq by the bush administration created a weak and failed state .	one man 's relentless search for his missing son led him to uncover one of the most shocking crimes in post-war italy - a tale of satanism and violence that has gripped the country for more than a year .	i do not want to comment here on whether the american - led attack on iraq was justified from the point of view of weapons of mass destruction or any other pre-war argument , but i can look at the post-war map of western asia .
proliferated	armed militias , many staffed by former iraqi military men with substantial training and experience , have proliferated .
15,000	the us chose to ally itself with such groups as the supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq , whose 15,000 - strong badr corps paramilitary was trained by the iranian revolutionary guards .	as of 2002 , syria had some 215,000 soldiers under arms , 4,700 tanks , and a massive artillery capability .	15,000 - number of major chemical facilities in the united states .	the african union is clearly not up to the task of keeping the peace , pledging 300 troops to an area that will need 15,000 , according to analysts .
badr	the us chose to ally itself with such groups as the supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq , whose 15,000 - strong badr corps paramilitary was trained by the iranian revolutionary guards .
anti-israeli	anti-israeli and pro-palestinian feeling is strong among several major iraqi ideological groups and currents .
pro-palestinian	anti-israeli and pro-palestinian feeling is strong among several major iraqi ideological groups and currents .
theocratic	the more radical shiites , who generally follow the theocratic notions of iran 's ayatollah ruhollah khomeini , routinely chant and demonstrate against israel .
ayatollah	the more radical shiites , who generally follow the theocratic notions of iran 's ayatollah ruhollah khomeini , routinely chant and demonstrate against israel .	worse for israel , the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious grand ayatollah ali sistani , who wields enormous moral authority over iraqi shiites .	sheikh naji al - abbudi , a spokesman for sistani , affirmed the claims that the grand ayatollah is backing the united iraqi coalition list .
ruhollah	the more radical shiites , who generally follow the theocratic notions of iran 's ayatollah ruhollah khomeini , routinely chant and demonstrate against israel .
khomeini	the more radical shiites , who generally follow the theocratic notions of iran 's ayatollah ruhollah khomeini , routinely chant and demonstrate against israel .
vehemently	they vehemently protested the israeli assassination of sheikh ahmed yassin , the leader of hamas , last march .
yassin	they vehemently protested the israeli assassination of sheikh ahmed yassin , the leader of hamas , last march .	xinhua reports that a wide range of iraqi political forces on tuesday condemned sharon 's murder of sheikh ahmed yassin , a religious leader of hamas , the day before .
denunciation	worse for israel , the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious grand ayatollah ali sistani , who wields enormous moral authority over iraqi shiites .
sistani	worse for israel , the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious grand ayatollah ali sistani , who wields enormous moral authority over iraqi shiites .	sheikh naji al - abbudi , a spokesman for sistani , affirmed the claims that the grand ayatollah is backing the united iraqi coalition list .	indeed , sistani 's agents all over the country have been quite active in educating iraqi shia on the merits of elections , which has led to the assassination of at least two of them .	again there is no official written statement from sistani 's office confirming this allegation , which i think is intentional .	any government that assumes power after the elections also realises this , so not even sistani is going to call the us to withdraw its troops , despite what he is saying now , not until they are ensured the insurgency is out of the picture , or that they have an alternative foreign power ( in this case iran ) to back them up .
wields	worse for israel , the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious grand ayatollah ali sistani , who wields enormous moral authority over iraqi shiites .
reestablished	they have also reestablished their historical links with lebanese and iranian shiites .
coreligionists	it is inevitable that most iraqi shiites will side with their hizbullah coreligionists against israel , and it seems likely that iraqi shiites will get rich enough from iraqi petroleum sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll lebanese shiite radicals .
bankroll	it is inevitable that most iraqi shiites will side with their hizbullah coreligionists against israel , and it seems likely that iraqi shiites will get rich enough from iraqi petroleum sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll lebanese shiite radicals .
fundamentalists	sunni arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the palestinians and with hamas , and those in iraq have deep historical inks with fundamentalists in jordan and palestine .	my real problem is with literalist fundamentalists , of any religion .	falluja has long been roiled by tense relations with the us soldiers there , since local sunnis either remain committed to arab nationalism or have become sunni fundamentalists or even radicals .	another worrisome sign is that local iraqi sunni fundamentalists opposed to the us presence in iraq have begun joining monotheism and holy war , and wearing its distinctive orange and black insignia .
sympathize	musharraf has been trying to purge his officer corps of the substantial number of al - qaeda sympathizers .	response : iraq is actually hostile territory for al - qaeda , and without iraqi sympathizers it can not succeed there .	sunni arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the palestinians and with hamas , and those in iraq have deep historical inks with fundamentalists in jordan and palestine .	secular arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the palestinians , and those in post-saddam iraq are no exception .	zacarias moussaoui , never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable , has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants " anthrax for jew sympathizer only . "	al qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the fbi 's involvement in countries like egypt , saudi arabia , pakistan , indonesia , and the philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries .
inks	read some of the following links and draw your own conclusions .	these links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called chernobyl :	they have also reestablished their historical links with lebanese and iranian shiites .	sunni arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the palestinians and with hamas , and those in iraq have deep historical inks with fundamentalists in jordan and palestine .	a sri lanka - born tamil with a norwegian passport was arrested by thai authorities in 2000 for his links with the ltte .	but bout 's name is n't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives , before it sinks like so many others beneath the media 's frothing triviality .	sam , please confirm , global counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	yes , gcp provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	sam , please confirm , global counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	" nobody thinks that there will be a lot of oil and gas in this part of the world , " he said .	a copy of the constitution , with links back to the official source , is located at http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt	descriptions and links at http://www.unitaryexecutive.net	on the other hand , the report thinks the news might not be so bad for the north atlantic fisheries .	he thinks he will deceive people in this way , so that the real mccartney will not be perceived .	now i 'm the youngest and i just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it 's a good thing ?	you should n't ask this question it 's intimidating , if i tell you what people knows about philippines you will blush , thank god many thinks i 'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself , the way i talk and treat people , and the way i dress , so if you do n't want nasty , insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius , caloy , gro science , and irene .	when most of the food or drinks i got only included two !	he 's pretty much an " i love american food , good drinks on occasion , laid back . " kind of guy . ;)	if you 're looking for a good burger , some great fries ( they are too die for ! ) , and good drinks , go to chickie & pete 's !	http://i.imgur.com/s2md2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/t2zff.jpg http://i.imgur.com/xytex.jpg i took some photos of my model girlfriend with my nikon d7000 ( see links above ) .	if someone thinks there is a business opportunity then they will start opening halal only places .	you may find a normal budget hotel for rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned , the links below may help you to find good hotels in delhi and agra .	territory is very important to cats , and they are very nervous when they go into a new place - a new house could be full of predators , or unknown menaces - well at least he thinks so .	my mind thinks she has no interest in me and just stringing me along .	we really enjoyed our balcony -- coffee in the mornings , drinks at night , standing outside when docking and leaving port -- however , it is quite a bit more expensive .	went to the willow lounge this past weekend for dinner and drinks ... place is awesome .	drinks were awesome , prices reasonable , and staff friendly .	our bathroom fan , one electric outlet and 2 leaky sinks have yet to be fixed .	the service was ok , our waitress kept forgetting our drinks even though we reminded her several times .	plus the drinks are self service , have fun trying to negotiate the small cafeteria space to get your coffee , juice or water .	that little man who thinks he invented pizza can kiss my *ss .	i have no inside information , but i have been following links today that strongly indicate that google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in firefox .
salafi	iraqi cities such as fallujah and ramadi were on the truck route from amman to baghdad , and so came under the influence of the salafi movement , which is popular in jordan .	they are probably especially oriented toward the salafi school of modern islamic thought , which has a protestant - like emphasis on going back to the original practice of the early companions of the prophet muhammad .	( most salafis are not militant or violent , though they tend to be rather narrow - minded in my experience , on the order of protestant pietists ) .	monotheism and holy war obviously does have a violent interpretation of salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so - called german peasant rebellion among early protestants did .
post-saddam	secular arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the palestinians , and those in post-saddam iraq are no exception .
populist	whereas saddam hussein 's dictatorship ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control , they are now free to organize .
proliferate	armed militias , many staffed by former iraqi military men with substantial training and experience , have proliferated .	an iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias proliferate is inevitably a security worry for israel .
modicum	if even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to iraq , its citizens will be able to benefit from the country 's petroleum reserves .
normality	if even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to iraq , its citizens will be able to benefit from the country 's petroleum reserves .
funneled	that private wealth can easily be funneled into aid for the palestinians and for lebanese shiites .
postponement	ariel sharon 's aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied west bank and his indefinite postponement of any palestinian state have created unprecedented rage and violence .
pro-zionist	the promotion by the pro-zionist right of twin occupations - in the west bank and in iraq - has profoundly weakened , not strengthened , israeli security .
www.juancole.com	juan cole ( www.juancole.com ) is a professor of modern middle east history at the university of michigan and author of " sacred space and holy war " ( i.b. tauris , 2002 ) .
i.b.	juan cole ( www.juancole.com ) is a professor of modern middle east history at the university of michigan and author of " sacred space and holy war " ( i.b. tauris , 2002 ) .
tauris	juan cole ( www.juancole.com ) is a professor of modern middle east history at the university of michigan and author of " sacred space and holy war " ( i.b. tauris , 2002 ) .
agence	the daily star publishes this commentary in agreement with agence global
tamils	tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process	while india is ready to enter into a " defense cooperation agreement " with sri lanka , it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the island nation 's two decades - old civil war that has seen violent strife between ethnic tamils and the sinhalese majority - leaving over 60,000 dead on both sides .	" tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process , " tna member of parliament p sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a statement .	she added that recent visits to the island by india 's top military brass including army chief general nirmal chander vij have " caused apprehension among tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island " .	but kalkat pointed out that india would be ill - advised to be involved again , militarily , with sri lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic tamils in the indian state of tamil nadu - separated from sri lanka 's jaffna peninsula by the narrow palk straits .
sinhala	tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process	" tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process , " tna member of parliament p sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a statement .
ltte	and this has already drawn protests from the tamil national alliance ( tna ) which was backed by the ltte in the april general elections held in sri lanka .	according to professor s d muni , south asia expert at the jawaharal nehru university , the two - year peace talks between colombo and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) are stalemated .	" the sri lankan government does not want to initiate a conflict but would be interested in deterring the ltte from starting one .	petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success , and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed - door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track , diplomatic sources said .	according to former indian army general a s kalkat , the difficulty for kumaratunga 's government lay in the fact that the ltte had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its control .	a veteran of india 's military intervention in the jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 indo - sri lanka peace accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable ltte - kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment .	" the norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the ltte is keenly aware that they do not have the power [ unlike india ] to underwrite any arrangement , " kalkat told ips in an interview .	however , differences between india and ltte soon surfaced and led to clashes between tiger guerrillas and the indian peace keeping force .	last june , an international initiative led by japan to persuade the ltte to come back to the negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer of us$ 4.5 billion .	and this has already drawn protests from the tamil national alliance ( tna ) which was backed by the ltte in the april general elections held in sri lanka .	it has also become an arms depot of the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) , who operate almost freely in the andaman sea .	since the " sea tigers " of the ltte , better known as the tamil tigers , are the ones who rule the andaman sea : they carry the arms and drugs for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in aceh and all along the east coast of africa .	indian intelligence 's lackluster performance in dealing with the ltte is startling .	the arms were said to belong to the ltte and " other terrorist groups " .	in addition , ltte activity in the andaman sea is well known to local observers .	the biggest ltte maritime disaster was reported in the now - defunct asiaweek in 2001 .	as is ltte standard procedure , the vessel changed its name at sea to horizon .	ltte arms - running	until 1995 the ltte maintained a base at twante , an island off the coat of myanmar , west of the andaman islands .	subsequently , phuket became the ltte 's main backup base .	a sri lanka - born tamil with a norwegian passport was arrested by thai authorities in 2000 for his links with the ltte .	a pattern of arrests and seizures indicate that arms are brought by the ltte from laos , cambodia and thailand into chittagong , from where they are transported northward by land to bhutan .
1,200	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .	about 1,200 indian soldiers were killed during this phase of the conflict .	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .	14 - number of immigration and naturalisation service ( ins ) agents assigned to track down 1,200 known illegal immigrants in the united states from countries where al - qa'ida is active .	1,200 - number of public - diplomacy officers employed by the state department to further us image abroad in 2004 .
jaffna	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .	a veteran of india 's military intervention in the jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 indo - sri lanka peace accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable ltte - kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment .	but kalkat pointed out that india would be ill - advised to be involved again , militarily , with sri lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic tamils in the indian state of tamil nadu - separated from sri lanka 's jaffna peninsula by the narrow palk straits .	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .
sinhalese	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .	while india is ready to enter into a " defense cooperation agreement " with sri lanka , it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the island nation 's two decades - old civil war that has seen violent strife between ethnic tamils and the sinhalese majority - leaving over 60,000 dead on both sides .	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .
ranjit	by ranjit devraj
devraj	by ranjit devraj
60,000	while india is ready to enter into a " defense cooperation agreement " with sri lanka , it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the island nation 's two decades - old civil war that has seen violent strife between ethnic tamils and the sinhalese majority - leaving over 60,000 dead on both sides .	in texas , bp shut its 460,000 barrels per day refinery and marathon shut its 72,000 bpd plant .
chandrika	and that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga 's four - day visit to india recently .
kumaratunga	and that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga 's four - day visit to india recently .	for that reason , he said , kumaratunga 's government was keen to beef up military preparedness with indian support .	kumaratunga 's india tour preceded a three - day visit to sri lanka by norwegian foreign minister jan petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that oslo successfully brokered in february 2002 .	petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success , and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed - door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track , diplomatic sources said .	according to former indian army general a s kalkat , the difficulty for kumaratunga 's government lay in the fact that the ltte had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its control .
muni	according to professor s d muni , south asia expert at the jawaharal nehru university , the two - year peace talks between colombo and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) are stalemated .	and the tigers look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive , " muni told ips .	currently we have a blank " sample " for our paragraph 13s which are attached to our sample isdas for ( a ) us corporate , ( b ) hedge funds , ( c ) municipal .
jawaharal	according to professor s d muni , south asia expert at the jawaharal nehru university , the two - year peace talks between colombo and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) are stalemated .
eelam	according to professor s d muni , south asia expert at the jawaharal nehru university , the two - year peace talks between colombo and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) are stalemated .	it has also become an arms depot of the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) , who operate almost freely in the andaman sea .
stalemated	according to professor s d muni , south asia expert at the jawaharal nehru university , the two - year peace talks between colombo and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) are stalemated .
preparedness	for that reason , he said , kumaratunga 's government was keen to beef up military preparedness with indian support .	he was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with ted , but said that ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .
deterring	" the sri lankan government does not want to initiate a conflict but would be interested in deterring the ltte from starting one .
ips	and the tigers look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive , " muni told ips .	" the norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the ltte is keenly aware that they do not have the power [ unlike india ] to underwrite any arrangement , " kalkat told ips in an interview .	in addition , there is a reduction of 22,101 mmbtu which is the difference between the scada values ( best available ) that anita showed on the february 29th storage sheet and the " official " february 29th values that gary wilson received from mips .
brokered	kumaratunga 's india tour preceded a three - day visit to sri lanka by norwegian foreign minister jan petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that oslo successfully brokered in february 2002 .
reclusive	petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success , and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed - door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track , diplomatic sources said .
velupillai	petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success , and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed - door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track , diplomatic sources said .
prabhakaran	petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success , and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed - door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track , diplomatic sources said .
kilinochchi	petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success , and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed - door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track , diplomatic sources said .	japan 's special envoy , yasushi akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to colombo and kilinochchi in early november a frustrated man .
negotiator	petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success , and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed - door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track , diplomatic sources said .
balasingham	petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success , and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed - door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track , diplomatic sources said .	the tigers ' chief ideologue , balasingham , sniffed at the proposal saying that " a solution to the ethnic conflict can not be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences , but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces . "
solheim	petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success , and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed - door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track , diplomatic sources said .
intractable	colombo , too , seems to be in an intractable position .	friendly efficient and overall great place for people in chronic intractable pain
kalkat	according to former indian army general a s kalkat , the difficulty for kumaratunga 's government lay in the fact that the ltte had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its control .	a veteran of india 's military intervention in the jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 indo - sri lanka peace accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable ltte - kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment .	kalkat , who currently chairs the independent us - based international council on conflict resolution , said despite the failure of the indian army to disarm or even subdue the tigers , india remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks .	" the norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the ltte is keenly aware that they do not have the power [ unlike india ] to underwrite any arrangement , " kalkat told ips in an interview .	but kalkat pointed out that india would be ill - advised to be involved again , militarily , with sri lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic tamils in the indian state of tamil nadu - separated from sri lanka 's jaffna peninsula by the narrow palk straits .	in any case , kalkat puts it succinctly : " there can not be a military option to what is a political situation . "
jure	according to former indian army general a s kalkat , the difficulty for kumaratunga 's government lay in the fact that the ltte had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its control .	bobby is a member of a bicycle team , while cycling this weekend , he and other members of his team were injured by a truck .?	there was one death in the injured group and the others with major injuries .?	http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemid=1361&itemtype=product&path=1%2c3%2c477&iproductid=1361 if anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird .	i found an injured pure white bird ( dove i guess ? )	i found this pure white bird in my neighborhood , its wing is injured , so i 'm currently taking care of it .
ambitiously	a veteran of india 's military intervention in the jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 indo - sri lanka peace accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable ltte - kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment .
disarming	a veteran of india 's military intervention in the jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 indo - sri lanka peace accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable ltte - kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment .
reiteration	a veteran of india 's military intervention in the jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 indo - sri lanka peace accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable ltte - kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment .
disarm	a veteran of india 's military intervention in the jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 indo - sri lanka peace accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable ltte - kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment .	kalkat , who currently chairs the independent us - based international council on conflict resolution , said despite the failure of the indian army to disarm or even subdue the tigers , india remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks .
subdue	kalkat , who currently chairs the independent us - based international council on conflict resolution , said despite the failure of the indian army to disarm or even subdue the tigers , india remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks .
norwegians	" the norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the ltte is keenly aware that they do not have the power [ unlike india ] to underwrite any arrangement , " kalkat told ips in an interview .
keenly	" the norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the ltte is keenly aware that they do not have the power [ unlike india ] to underwrite any arrangement , " kalkat told ips in an interview .
underwrite	" the norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the ltte is keenly aware that they do not have the power [ unlike india ] to underwrite any arrangement , " kalkat told ips in an interview .
peacekeepers	under the accord , a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east .
ranasinghe	india had to pull back its forces from sri lanka in 1989 following the election of ranasinghe premadasa , a strong critic of indian mediation .
premadasa	india had to pull back its forces from sri lanka in 1989 following the election of ranasinghe premadasa , a strong critic of indian mediation .
us$	last june , an international initiative led by japan to persuade the ltte to come back to the negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer of us$ 4.5 billion .
4.5	last june , an international initiative led by japan to persuade the ltte to come back to the negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer of us$ 4.5 billion .
yasushi	japan 's special envoy , yasushi akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to colombo and kilinochchi in early november a frustrated man .
akashi	japan 's special envoy , yasushi akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to colombo and kilinochchi in early november a frustrated man .
impasse	he complained about the " visible lack of progress " and reaching an impasse in talks with both sides .
ideologue	the tigers ' chief ideologue , balasingham , sniffed at the proposal saying that " a solution to the ethnic conflict can not be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences , but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces . "
predetermined	the tigers ' chief ideologue , balasingham , sniffed at the proposal saying that " a solution to the ethnic conflict can not be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences , but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces . "
declarations	the tigers ' chief ideologue , balasingham , sniffed at the proposal saying that " a solution to the ethnic conflict can not be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences , but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces . "	because a number of the declarations and signature pages are not yet available electronically , they have not been included with this note .?	hard copies of the comprehensive settlement , including all declarations and signature pages , are being shipped tonight via us mail to all parties on the service list .?	because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with brian epstein had left him , he made lyrics such as : " you can wear a collar and a tie , one thing you ca n't hide is when you 're crippled inside " and gave declarations to the " rolling stone " magazine saying that " sometimes he wore texan boots to feel more secure as a man " .
sithamparanathan	" tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process , " tna member of parliament p sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a statement .
nirmal	she added that recent visits to the island by india 's top military brass including army chief general nirmal chander vij have " caused apprehension among tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island " .
chander	she added that recent visits to the island by india 's top military brass including army chief general nirmal chander vij have " caused apprehension among tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island " .
vij	she added that recent visits to the island by india 's top military brass including army chief general nirmal chander vij have " caused apprehension among tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island " .	vijay k. suchdev vice president equity derivatives first union securities , inc. telephone : ( 212 ) 909-0951 facsimile : ( 212 ) 891-5042 email : vijay.suchdev@funb.com < mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com >
palk	but kalkat pointed out that india would be ill - advised to be involved again , militarily , with sri lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic tamils in the indian state of tamil nadu - separated from sri lanka 's jaffna peninsula by the narrow palk straits .
neighborly	the best option , now , under the present difficult circumstances is for colombo to do its own dirty work , although new delhi can always be counted on to render good neighborly help because of the shared belief that religion , ethnicity and language can not be the basis for secession .
succinctly	in any case , kalkat puts it succinctly : " there can not be a military option to what is a political situation . "
16/11/2004	asia times online 16/11/2004
unreported	unreported by the international media , the valley of kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded .	unreported by the international media , the valley of kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded .
habitation	unreported by the international media , the valley of kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded .	unreported by the international media , the valley of kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded .
urinals	over nine dozen temples that had served the hindu population have been destroyed , with some used as building material and others as urinals .	over nine dozen temples that had served the hindu population have been destroyed , with some used as building material and others as urinals .
busybodies	thus far , none of the many " human rights " busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development .	thus far , none of the many " human rights " busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development .
m.d.	m.d. nalapat	m.d. nalapat , an expert on jihad , is professor of geopolitics at the manipal academy of higher education , india .
nalapat	m.d. nalapat	m.d. nalapat , an expert on jihad , is professor of geopolitics at the manipal academy of higher education , india .
rusk	while most u.s. secretaries of state -- save perhaps dean rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with , few have been as brazen as colin powell .
gobbled	while most u.s. secretaries of state -- save perhaps dean rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with , few have been as brazen as colin powell .
brazen	while most u.s. secretaries of state -- save perhaps dean rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with , few have been as brazen as colin powell .
maulana	two years ago , pakistani president pervez musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main islamist alliance -- maulana fazlur rahman -- visited india and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .
fazlur	two years ago , pakistani president pervez musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main islamist alliance -- maulana fazlur rahman -- visited india and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .
conciliatory	two years ago , pakistani president pervez musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main islamist alliance -- maulana fazlur rahman -- visited india and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .	unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously colin powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the indians made conciliatory gestures toward islamabad .
hawkish	as pakistan 's president had been telling the united states he was " forced " into taking a hawkish line on india precisely by the likes of rahman , this was an embarrassment .
realists	realists , and this even includes members of the u.s. democratic foreign policy establishment such as strobe talbott , who have long sought to divest india of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in asia , understand the only feasible solution for kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo .
strobe	realists , and this even includes members of the u.s. democratic foreign policy establishment such as strobe talbott , who have long sought to divest india of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in asia , understand the only feasible solution for kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo .
talbott	realists , and this even includes members of the u.s. democratic foreign policy establishment such as strobe talbott , who have long sought to divest india of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in asia , understand the only feasible solution for kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo .
divest	realists , and this even includes members of the u.s. democratic foreign policy establishment such as strobe talbott , who have long sought to divest india of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in asia , understand the only feasible solution for kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo .
jihadis	simultaneously , new delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert kashmir into a second afghanistan .	indeed , their reports are filled with tales of the " atrocities " of indian troops on the innocent jihadis .	he believed that the koran instructed that a jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader .	at the darunta complex where jihadis trained , recruits would wear green uniforms , except for friday when they were washed .
quixotic	bill clinton understood this at the end of his term in office yet , under colin powell ( who appears to have an affinity for generals active in politics ) , the pendulum of u.s. policy has once again swung toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the valley of kashmir loose from india .
lobbyist	this , pakistan 's lobbyist in washington christina rocca has been told , is the " minimum " that the pakistan army will accept .
rocca	this , pakistan 's lobbyist in washington christina rocca has been told , is the " minimum " that the pakistan army will accept .
trifurcation	this writer has for years regarded the best solution to the kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the indian part of the state into a hindu - majority jammu , a buddhist - dominated ladakh and the overwhelmingly muslim kashmir valley , with the third state given little of taxpayers ' money but substantial autonomy .
ladakh	this writer has for years regarded the best solution to the kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the indian part of the state into a hindu - majority jammu , a buddhist - dominated ladakh and the overwhelmingly muslim kashmir valley , with the third state given little of taxpayers ' money but substantial autonomy .
jihadi	simultaneously , new delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert kashmir into a second afghanistan .	the overwhelming majority of muslims in kashmir would be happy with such an outcome , except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the u.s. state department and the pakistan army , which would like to even the score with india for their catastrophic defeat in bangladesh in 1971 .	indeed , their reports are filled with tales of the " atrocities " of indian troops on the innocent jihadis .	he believed that the koran instructed that a jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader .	at the darunta complex where jihadis trained , recruits would wear green uniforms , except for friday when they were washed .
patronized	the overwhelming majority of muslims in kashmir would be happy with such an outcome , except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the u.s. state department and the pakistan army , which would like to even the score with india for their catastrophic defeat in bangladesh in 1971 .
sept.	despite sept. 11 , the united states still supports the kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price washington is paying to keep pervez musharraf happy .	they wish to launch on sept. 1 - meaning we will need to be sending mailings sometime around mid-august .	days away : sept. 21 through oct. 3 ( assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )	wed. sept. 20 - leave houston around 6:00 pm	thur. sept. 21 - arrv. london early a.m. , transfer to flight to nice	fri. sept. 22 - stay in same hotel , visit monaco , nice ?	sat. sept. 23 - drive to st. tropez - through nice , cannes & other coastal towns , check - in mid afternoon	sun. sept. 24 - st. tropez	mon. sept. 25 - st. tropez	tue. sept. 26 - drive to nice , return car , fly to paris	wed. sept. 27 - paris	thur. sept. 28 - paris ( versailles or fontainbleu - half day side trip )	fri. sept. 29 - paris ( giverny - monet 's gardens - 3 / 4 day side trip )	sat. sept. 30 - paris	how about friday , sept. 17 , at 9 am ( houston time ) which is 11 am ( sao paulo ) time ?	can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am ( houston ) which is 11 am ( sao paulo ) on friday , sept. 17 ?	the conference call has been rescheduled for friday , sept. 17 at 9 am ( houston ) which is 11 am ( sao paulo ) .	sept. 11 commission member philip zelikow , who is close to the bush administration , admitted on sept. 10 , 2002 , that the ulterior motive of the bush administration for the iraq war was to " protect israel , " according to the asian times .
nudging	unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously colin powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the indians made conciliatory gestures toward islamabad .
misnamed	the u.s. state department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences on kashmir and , in most of them , the solution that has emerged is a valley prized loose from indian control and under its own version of ibrahim rugova .
rugova	the u.s. state department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences on kashmir and , in most of them , the solution that has emerged is a valley prized loose from indian control and under its own version of ibrahim rugova .
conferees	that india is not yugoslavia and that the " foreigner - led " indian national congress can least afford to ignore indian nationalism , has not struck the conferees , among whom have been several indian " scholars " and " analysts " ready to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to new york or vienna .
endorse	that india is not yugoslavia and that the " foreigner - led " indian national congress can least afford to ignore indian nationalism , has not struck the conferees , among whom have been several indian " scholars " and " analysts " ready to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to new york or vienna .	second - party endorsements	opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .
wrinkles	despite many wrinkles , india remains a part - democracy and merely signing on to a piece of paper that calls for an independent kashmir does not get you into the trouble that writing an op - ed piece against sonia gandhi or atal behari vajpayee would instantly .	removes wrinkles .
atal	despite many wrinkles , india remains a part - democracy and merely signing on to a piece of paper that calls for an independent kashmir does not get you into the trouble that writing an op - ed piece against sonia gandhi or atal behari vajpayee would instantly .	atal pharmacy , karol bag .
behari	despite many wrinkles , india remains a part - democracy and merely signing on to a piece of paper that calls for an independent kashmir does not get you into the trouble that writing an op - ed piece against sonia gandhi or atal behari vajpayee would instantly .
vajpayee	despite many wrinkles , india remains a part - democracy and merely signing on to a piece of paper that calls for an independent kashmir does not get you into the trouble that writing an op - ed piece against sonia gandhi or atal behari vajpayee would instantly .	it was the business community in india that stepped in after vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002 , pointing out that the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear war -- was around the corner in the subcontinent was china .
indulged	it was the business community in india that stepped in after vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002 , pointing out that the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear war -- was around the corner in the subcontinent was china .
beneficiary	it was the business community in india that stepped in after vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002 , pointing out that the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear war -- was around the corner in the subcontinent was china .
trusty	the reason for this is that india is emerging as an alternative investment destination to china , hence the favor that the generals in islamabad do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving india when in fact the real flashpoints are the taiwan straits and north korea .	hey tonto ( a.k.a - the trusty , but silent , side - kick to the lone ranger or in this case the big d )
nukes	the reason for this is that india is emerging as an alternative investment destination to china , hence the favor that the generals in islamabad do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving india when in fact the real flashpoints are the taiwan straits and north korea .	russia also announced that it was seeking and building the best nukes the world 's ever seen .
flashpoints	the reason for this is that india is emerging as an alternative investment destination to china , hence the favor that the generals in islamabad do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving india when in fact the real flashpoints are the taiwan straits and north korea .
manmohan	once the manmohan singh government shows that it has little appetite for suicide , musharraf will face the moment of truth : accept the inevitable , or once again ramp up the insurgency and spawn a fresh lot of killers that can hit not merely mumbai and new delhi but london and chicago as well .
jintao	under president hu jintao , beijing has opened out to new delhi and prime minister wen jiabao is expected to visit early next year , making friends by formally accepting sikkim as part of india and backing india as a permanent member of the u.n. security council -- thus leaving washington as the only one of the " permanent five " that has not yet done so .	the connection , however , lies in an order issued last year by president hu jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by america in case of conflict over taiwan .	with protests going on in the chilean capital of santiago ( from the economic summit ) , president bush visited chinese president hu jintao and other key allies in santiago .	u.s. president george w. bush shakes hands with chinese president hu jintao in a bilateral meeting in santiago .
jiabao	under president hu jintao , beijing has opened out to new delhi and prime minister wen jiabao is expected to visit early next year , making friends by formally accepting sikkim as part of india and backing india as a permanent member of the u.n. security council -- thus leaving washington as the only one of the " permanent five " that has not yet done so .
sikkim	under president hu jintao , beijing has opened out to new delhi and prime minister wen jiabao is expected to visit early next year , making friends by formally accepting sikkim as part of india and backing india as a permanent member of the u.n. security council -- thus leaving washington as the only one of the " permanent five " that has not yet done so .
u.n.	under president hu jintao , beijing has opened out to new delhi and prime minister wen jiabao is expected to visit early next year , making friends by formally accepting sikkim as part of india and backing india as a permanent member of the u.n. security council -- thus leaving washington as the only one of the " permanent five " that has not yet done so .	according to a report prepared by a committee of arab intellectuals and published under the auspices of the u.n. , the number of books translated by the entire arab world is much smaller than what little greece alone translates .
osama	with colin powell around , the u.s. has no need of an osama bin laden	it has long been known osama bin laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents ( since the testimony of millennium bomber ahmed ressam ) .	according to the controversial " feith memo , " which summarized purported intelligence showing an iraqi / al qaeda connection , osama bin laden had asked iraqi intelligence for technical assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the al hayat letters were sent .	osama bin laden later invoked the symbolism in his video " the 19 martyrs . "	0 - number of times bush mentioned osama bin laden in his three state of the union addresses .	2.5 - number of hours after rumsfeld learnt that osama bin laden was a suspect in the 11 september attacks that he brought up reasons to " hit " iraq .	28 - number of vacation days bush took in august 2001 , the month he received a 6 august presidential daily briefing headed " osama bin laden determined to strike us targets . "	on the internet site of monotheism and holy war ( al - tawhid wa al - jihad ) , the group allegedly declared , " we announce that the tawhid and jihad group , its prince and soldiers , have pledged allegiance to the sheikh of the mujahideen osama bin laden . "
geopolitics	m.d. nalapat , an expert on jihad , is professor of geopolitics at the manipal academy of higher education , india .
manipal	m.d. nalapat , an expert on jihad , is professor of geopolitics at the manipal academy of higher education , india .
28/10/2004	washington times 28/10/2004
libeled	we also know how dan rather libeled george bush and impugned his service in the texas air national guard on a " 60 minutes ii " report based largely on forged documents .
impugned	we also know how dan rather libeled george bush and impugned his service in the texas air national guard on a " 60 minutes ii " report based largely on forged documents .
nhut	during this time , f - 102 squadrons were based out of tan son nhut , da nang and bien hoa in vietnam , and udorn and don muang in thailand .
nang	during this time , f - 102 squadrons were based out of tan son nhut , da nang and bien hoa in vietnam , and udorn and don muang in thailand .
hoa	during this time , f - 102 squadrons were based out of tan son nhut , da nang and bien hoa in vietnam , and udorn and don muang in thailand .	nasa & company diplomacy - trying to keep moon landing hoax a secret in modern times
udorn	during this time , f - 102 squadrons were based out of tan son nhut , da nang and bien hoa in vietnam , and udorn and don muang in thailand .
muang	during this time , f - 102 squadrons were based out of tan son nhut , da nang and bien hoa in vietnam , and udorn and don muang in thailand .
supersonic	and , let 's remember , flying supersonic fighter jets is dangerous !
journalistic	some reporters ( you know , the ones with journalistic ethics ) have actually uncovered the truth about george bush 's service in the texas air national guard .
e-mail	what follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a friend of mine ( thanks to dave manzano ) .	thanks again to my friend nick keck for passing this along via e-mail .	there is an e-mail by moussaoui , however , dated july 31 , 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months .	notice regarding entry of orders and instructions : please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your painewebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by painewebber and painewebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	notice regarding entry of orders and instructions : please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your painewebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by painewebber and painewebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	notice regarding entry of orders and instructions : please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your painewebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by painewebber and painewebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later ( as they can with e-mail ) .	david t. metcalfe cullen and dykman llp 177 montague street brooklyn , new york 11201 phone : 718-780-0046 fax : 718-780-0276 e-mail : dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com	these have been compared against the draft dated 11/8/2000 , and include ena 's accepted changes per your ( a ) faxed comments transmitted to ena on january 5 , 2001 , and ( b ) e-mail comments transmitted to ena on january 19th , 2001 .	i do not think the prior e-mail got through to kay .	i enjoyed your recent e-mail but was sorry to hear about your dad .	this e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential .	if you are not the intended recipient , please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately .	an update will be e-mailed , as soon as one is available .	if you are interested in attending please e-mail me as soon as possible .	please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m. , friday , may 4th	select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above	i e-mailed your assistant earlier this morning and have had no response .	i am waiting on the confirms and will send them to you shortly by fax or e-mail .	as i mentioned in my e-mail , john lepore at select energy ( settlements group ) is trying to reconcile our list with his list .	his number is 860-665-2368 and e-mail address is leporjj@selectenergy.com .	the subpoenas will force those involved , including winter , to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee , and to turn over e-mails , personal calendars and memos .	he believes memos and e-mails around the time of winter 's dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues .	as you can tell from the time of my e-mail , i am getting crushed .	while i left a you a phone message with some information about our project , i thought i could give you some additional details by e-mail as well ...	founder jack smith got the idea of accessing e-mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the world .
manzano	what follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a friend of mine ( thanks to dave manzano ) .
---------	---------	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	-----------------------------------------------	---------------------------	-------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------	--------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------	------------------------------
dems	before you fall for dems ' spin , here are the facts
racking	after training , bush kept flying , racking up hundreds of hours in f - 102 jets .	a nato spokesman said : " there 's no tracking mechanism to ensure they do n't fall into the wrong hands .	" there 's no tracking mechanism in place " ?!?!?	middle office have instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement / funding data to working capital components for all metals businesses .	and all that time you 're overseas you 'll be racking up interest .	thank you for your help in tracking these invoices .
guardsmen	at the time , guardsmen were required to accumulate a minimum of 50 points to meet their yearly obligation .	600 - 700 - number of guardsmen who were in bush 's unit during that period .	0 - number of guardsmen from that period who came forward with information about bush 's guard service .
acd	- acd ]
anti-bush	that brings the story to may 1972 - the time that has been the focus of so many news reports - when bush " deserted " ( according to anti-bush filmmaker michael moore ) or went " awol " ( according to terry mcauliffe , chairman of the democratic national committee ) .
awol	that brings the story to may 1972 - the time that has been the focus of so many news reports - when bush " deserted " ( according to anti-bush filmmaker michael moore ) or went " awol " ( according to terry mcauliffe , chairman of the democratic national committee ) .	whether he was actually awol during this stint is unclear .
mcauliffe	that brings the story to may 1972 - the time that has been the focus of so many news reports - when bush " deserted " ( according to anti-bush filmmaker michael moore ) or went " awol " ( according to terry mcauliffe , chairman of the democratic national committee ) .
col.	requests like that were n't unusual , says retired col. william campenni , who flew with bush in 1970 and 1971 .
campenni	requests like that were n't unusual , says retired col. william campenni , who flew with bush in 1970 and 1971 .	" in 1972 , there was an enormous glut of pilots , " campenni says .
glut	" in 1972 , there was an enormous glut of pilots , " campenni says .
'72	in '72 or '73 , if you were a pilot , active or guard , and you had an obligation and wanted to get out , no problem .	goodwyn : archibald says that two months before the election , in september of '72 , red blount 's campaign manager came to him and asked that he quietly take over mr. bush 's job because the campaign materials were not getting out to the counties .	by april of '71 the dow had climbed back to 950 , only to fall to 869 in february of '72 .
'73	in '72 or '73 , if you were a pilot , active or guard , and you had an obligation and wanted to get out , no problem .	a big rally then took the dow ( unconfirmed ) to a record high of 1051 in january of '73 , turning everyone bullish .	but by december of '73 the dow had collapsed to 788 .
blames	the kerry camp blames bush for the swift boat veterans ' attack , but anyone who has spent much time talking to the swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .	it is also a fact that almost everybody in the region blames this situation on the united states , on israel , on western civilization , on judaism and christianity , on anyone and anything , except themselves .
swifties	the kerry camp blames bush for the swift boat veterans ' attack , but anyone who has spent much time talking to the swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .
strikingly	one week to elections day and the general atmosphere in the capital is eerie , yet strikingly familiar .
dreading	there is no doubt that many iraqis regard the date of 30 january as a day of renewed hope , one they have been awaiting all their lives , but at the same time , many others are already dreading it .
balloting	the interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but i fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .
allawi	now that the picture is clear , the two main competing lists seem to be the united iraqi coalition list and allawi 's al - iraqiya list .	ayad allawi , and other ministers running on his list , have quite expectedly used their governmental positions in campaigning .	one minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar ' gifts ' to journalists attending a press conference for allawi , a practice that brings back bad memories to many iraqis .	al - abbudi stated that " his emminence " decided to openly support the list because " others " ( obviously a reference to allawi ) have been abusing official state positions and media outlets in their campaigning .	he described allawi 's face as that of a f*ed horse and he dismissed the whole government as a band of thieves and traitors .	the hope may be that posada can soon be offered to a post-chavez allawi - like puppet in caracas .	guerrillas threatened to assassinate prime minister iyad allawi and minister of defense hazem shaalan in retaliation for the attack .	allawi 's aged cousin and the man 's wife and daughter - in - law were abducted and guerrillas threaten to behead them if the fallujah compaign is not stopped .	in iraqi society , pm allawi is responsible for protecting his clan , including especially his first cousins , so this kidnapping makes him look weak and brings substantial shame on him .	it is now threatening to pull out of the allawi caretaker government .	that the iraqi islamic party is now contemplating leaving the allawi government raises the question of whether a mass sunni arab boycott of the elections is in the offing , thus fatally weakening the legitimacy of any new government .
iraqiya	al - iraqiyah tv said that icdc were controlling ramadi .	now that the picture is clear , the two main competing lists seem to be the united iraqi coalition list and allawi 's al - iraqiya list .
ayad	ayad allawi , and other ministers running on his list , have quite expectedly used their governmental positions in campaigning .
expectedly	ayad allawi , and other ministers running on his list , have quite expectedly used their governmental positions in campaigning .	at some point during the year , you could pick up a financial windfall , hear of a great career opportunity , or unexpectedly meet the love of your life .
naji	sheikh naji al - abbudi , a spokesman for sistani , affirmed the claims that the grand ayatollah is backing the united iraqi coalition list .
abbudi	sheikh naji al - abbudi , a spokesman for sistani , affirmed the claims that the grand ayatollah is backing the united iraqi coalition list .	al - abbudi stated that " his emminence " decided to openly support the list because " others " ( obviously a reference to allawi ) have been abusing official state positions and media outlets in their campaigning .
emminence	al - abbudi stated that " his emminence " decided to openly support the list because " others " ( obviously a reference to allawi ) have been abusing official state positions and media outlets in their campaigning .
abusing	al - abbudi stated that " his emminence " decided to openly support the list because " others " ( obviously a reference to allawi ) have been abusing official state positions and media outlets in their campaigning .
allegation	again there is no official written statement from sistani 's office confirming this allegation , which i think is intentional .	i 've read the book - it 's a first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of contra drug connections that led to terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the twig counterintelligence group that ran interference for the contra effort , staffed by covert ops types including ollie north , robert owen , vince cannistaro and buck revell .	third ranking cia officer , briggs signed a declaration on february 3rd , 1983 , that on november 8th , 1982 , he had authorized a search of cia records " for any material that in any way pertains to edwin p. wilson , or the various allegations concerning his activities after february 28th , 1971 , when he retired from the cia . "	sheriff 's deputies in louisiana made a third arrest wednesday in the ongoing investigation of a case involving allegations of sexual abuse of children and animals at a ponchatoula , la. , church .	the amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law , and define all those who attack them as " war criminals , " with some western media repeating the allegations .	i 've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately .
hazim	ahmed al - chalabi and defense minister hazim al - sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media .	hazim al - sha'lan , by the way , is the son of the late sheikh of al - khaza'il in diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister , m.s. al - sahaf , in his nonsensical media statements , which can be passed as jokes .
sha'lan	ahmed al - chalabi and defense minister hazim al - sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media .	chalabi describing sha'lan as a " ba'athist " and a " former double agent for saddam and the cia " , while sha'lan dismisses chalabi as a " thief " and an " iranian stooge who longs for his own origins by defending iran " .	one remark made by sha'lan on al - arabiya tv , that he could n't say more about chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor .	it was an extremely amusing episode , watching chalabi looking smug and amused , contrasted with sha'lan , all serious and barely keeping himself from swearing .	hazim al - sha'lan , by the way , is the son of the late sheikh of al - khaza'il in diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister , m.s. al - sahaf , in his nonsensical media statements , which can be passed as jokes .
ba'athist	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .	chalabi describing sha'lan as a " ba'athist " and a " former double agent for saddam and the cia " , while sha'lan dismisses chalabi as a " thief " and an " iranian stooge who longs for his own origins by defending iran " .	i had another conversation some months ago with a retired ba'athist old - timer who claimed that ba'athists have the means to stage a third coup d'etat and return to power within 10 hours of an american withdrawal .	on sensing my incredulity to his statement he asserted that ba'athist cells exist in all parts of the country and that they do have a central command , even though many have formed seperate cells ( often under islamic labels ) with their own leaderships .	i concur that ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates , along with the capital , if americans are to be removed from the picture entirely .	i would suggest going for tribal sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .
dismisses	chalabi describing sha'lan as a " ba'athist " and a " former double agent for saddam and the cia " , while sha'lan dismisses chalabi as a " thief " and an " iranian stooge who longs for his own origins by defending iran " .
stooge	chalabi describing sha'lan as a " ba'athist " and a " former double agent for saddam and the cia " , while sha'lan dismisses chalabi as a " thief " and an " iranian stooge who longs for his own origins by defending iran " .	i guess those guns will be located enroute to venezuela or found in storage there by one of the us 's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two .
longs	chalabi describing sha'lan as a " ba'athist " and a " former double agent for saddam and the cia " , while sha'lan dismisses chalabi as a " thief " and an " iranian stooge who longs for his own origins by defending iran " .	but more and more , as metal evolves into a huge international music that belongs to everyone , it has gotten to be something weirder .	i believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the mark taylor at ei ( based in london ) .	the email confirmation ( which i read in the car ) warned about large suitcases , declaring that we are innkeepers , not longshoreman .
arabiya	one remark made by sha'lan on al - arabiya tv , that he could n't say more about chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor .
embarrass	as pakistan 's president had been telling the united states he was " forced " into taking a hawkish line on india precisely by the likes of rahman , this was an embarrassment .	one remark made by sha'lan on al - arabiya tv , that he could n't say more about chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor .	but comfortable among the thugs , posada overplayed his hand and embarrassed his old patron , the us government .	an embarrassment to the us still , just not as embarrassing as having the old killer strut about miami , gloating in his freedom .	meiring is more than an embarrassment .	this is my first time posting to the list , so i feel somewhat embarrassed by " promoting " a song i wrote , but i think it is fitting because it is directly tied to extreme animal suffering as a result of human lack of empathy , but an abundance of human greed .	or , as i saw on embarrassing pets on tv , get a clicker type thing and treats as well .	should i be embarrassed that i have n't the slightest idea what that means ?	this place is a complete embarrassment .
fistfights	fistfights , please .
khaza'il	hazim al - sha'lan , by the way , is the son of the late sheikh of al - khaza'il in diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister , m.s. al - sahaf , in his nonsensical media statements , which can be passed as jokes .
diwaniya	hazim al - sha'lan , by the way , is the son of the late sheikh of al - khaza'il in diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister , m.s. al - sahaf , in his nonsensical media statements , which can be passed as jokes .
m.s.	hazim al - sha'lan , by the way , is the son of the late sheikh of al - khaza'il in diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister , m.s. al - sahaf , in his nonsensical media statements , which can be passed as jokes .
sahaf	hazim al - sha'lan , by the way , is the son of the late sheikh of al - khaza'il in diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister , m.s. al - sahaf , in his nonsensical media statements , which can be passed as jokes .	you all remember the iraqi minister of information , mr. mouhamad said al - sahaf and his press conferences when the us forces were already inside baghdad .	mr. sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester , but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time .
nonsensical	hazim al - sha'lan , by the way , is the son of the late sheikh of al - khaza'il in diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister , m.s. al - sahaf , in his nonsensical media statements , which can be passed as jokes .
puk	the main kurdish coalition list ( puk and kdp ) is barely mentioned outside the kurdish region .
kdp	the main kurdish coalition list ( puk and kdp ) is barely mentioned outside the kurdish region .
rooting	many iraqis , including conservative and religious iraqis , are surprisingly rooting for the iraqi communist party , probably in an attempt to counter the influence of islamists in the forthcoming national assembly .
islamists	many iraqis , including conservative and religious iraqis , are surprisingly rooting for the iraqi communist party , probably in an attempt to counter the influence of islamists in the forthcoming national assembly .
***	***	executive order : amendments to executive orders 11030 , 13279 , 13339 , 13381 , and 13389 , and *** revocation *** of executive order 13011 ....	******************************************************************	******************************************************************	***	*** mary perkins - could you forward the number of transactions and accounts .	*** jason chumley - could you forward the number of contractor hours and help / remote support hours .	********** note **********	***********************************	***** directions for how to post to news groups !!! *****	**** sigh **** not trying to sound snooty or stuck up but i mean really !	cathy ****** five stars for lake forest tots .	*** update *** never mind !	she is a pure b**** !!!	***	******************************** notice *************************************	************************************************	************************************************	******************* internet email confidentiality footer *******************
sectarian	sectarian tensions are at their highest since april , 2004 , with sunni insurgents now openly attacking husseiniyas and shia mosques .
husseiniyas	sectarian tensions are at their highest since april , 2004 , with sunni insurgents now openly attacking husseiniyas and shia mosques .
amiriya	i had an interesting conversation with a middle - aged taxi driver who used to live in fallujah and is now at relatives in amiriya , baghdad .
majoos	after asking me which tribe i belong to ( thus assessing my sectarian background ) he started hurling abuses at the shia , calling them persians , majoos ( fire worshippers ) , rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that i ca n't mention here .
worshippers	after asking me which tribe i belong to ( thus assessing my sectarian background ) he started hurling abuses at the shia , calling them persians , majoos ( fire worshippers ) , rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that i ca n't mention here .
rabid	after asking me which tribe i belong to ( thus assessing my sectarian background ) he started hurling abuses at the shia , calling them persians , majoos ( fire worshippers ) , rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that i ca n't mention here .
f*ed	he described allawi 's face as that of a f*ed horse and he dismissed the whole government as a band of thieves and traitors .
traitors	he described allawi 's face as that of a f*ed horse and he dismissed the whole government as a band of thieves and traitors .
commonsense	he said that resistance was the only commonsense solution .
d'etat	i had another conversation some months ago with a retired ba'athist old - timer who claimed that ba'athists have the means to stage a third coup d'etat and return to power within 10 hours of an american withdrawal .
incredulity	on sensing my incredulity to his statement he asserted that ba'athist cells exist in all parts of the country and that they do have a central command , even though many have formed seperate cells ( often under islamic labels ) with their own leaderships .
seperate	on sensing my incredulity to his statement he asserted that ba'athist cells exist in all parts of the country and that they do have a central command , even though many have formed seperate cells ( often under islamic labels ) with their own leaderships .	the line in the poa is a seperate and distinct measure from the daily collateral .	all of the pho places taste the same to me , so what seperates one from the other is the service and the price .	they also claimed not to see anything wrong with the blower fan ( a seperate issue ) , but when i drove the car home i had the same symptoms .
leaderships	on sensing my incredulity to his statement he asserted that ba'athist cells exist in all parts of the country and that they do have a central command , even though many have formed seperate cells ( often under islamic labels ) with their own leaderships .
concur	i concur that ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates , along with the capital , if americans are to be removed from the picture entirely .	do you concur ?	do you concur ?	breyer filed a concurring opinion , in which kennedy , souter , and ginsburg joined .	kennedy filed an opinion concurring in part , in which souter , ginsburg , and breyer joined as to parts i and ii .	i just got your email and i certainly concur with jeff making the call .
governorates	i concur that ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates , along with the capital , if americans are to be removed from the picture entirely .	another bad step was the recent arrest of sheikh hassan al - lihabi , of the lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of al - anbar , mosul and salah al - din .
misconception	but i also see that as a fatal misconception , which is doing sunnis harm , because i do n't believe the us is going anywhere so soon .	the doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .
dissenting	the only hope now is that , following the elections , the national assembly would offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissenting parties .	scalia filed a dissenting opinion , in which thomas and alito joined .	thomas filed a dissenting opinion , in which scalia joined , and in which alito joined as to all but parts i , ii - c - 1 , and iii - b - 2 .	alito filed a dissenting opinion , in which scalia and thomas joined as to parts i through iii .
sheikhs	i would suggest going for tribal sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .	many of these sheikhs have been disenfranchised and abused over the last two years .
disenfranchised	many of these sheikhs have been disenfranchised and abused over the last two years .	we are the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torturing , the disenfranchised convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployed and unemployable .
anbar	very recently , us forces in al - anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing abdul - razaq inad al - gu'ud , sheikh of the al - bu nimr clan from the powerful dulaym tribe .	the gu'ud family even accepted to be offered the seat of al - anbar governor some months back .	another bad step was the recent arrest of sheikh hassan al - lihabi , of the lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of al - anbar , mosul and salah al - din .
blunder	very recently , us forces in al - anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing abdul - razaq inad al - gu'ud , sheikh of the al - bu nimr clan from the powerful dulaym tribe .
razaq	very recently , us forces in al - anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing abdul - razaq inad al - gu'ud , sheikh of the al - bu nimr clan from the powerful dulaym tribe .
inad	very recently , us forces in al - anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing abdul - razaq inad al - gu'ud , sheikh of the al - bu nimr clan from the powerful dulaym tribe .
gu'ud	very recently , us forces in al - anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing abdul - razaq inad al - gu'ud , sheikh of the al - bu nimr clan from the powerful dulaym tribe .	al - gu'ud had favoured elections and was in good terms with the government .	the gu'ud family even accepted to be offered the seat of al - anbar governor some months back .
nimr	very recently , us forces in al - anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing abdul - razaq inad al - gu'ud , sheikh of the al - bu nimr clan from the powerful dulaym tribe .	the al - bu nimr in ramadi and al - qaim rose in arms against saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of thamir madhlum al - dulaymi , an air force general belonging to their tribe .
dulaym	very recently , us forces in al - anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing abdul - razaq inad al - gu'ud , sheikh of the al - bu nimr clan from the powerful dulaym tribe .	the al - bu nimr in ramadi and al - qaim rose in arms against saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of thamir madhlum al - dulaymi , an air force general belonging to their tribe .
mid-nineties	the al - bu nimr in ramadi and al - qaim rose in arms against saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of thamir madhlum al - dulaymi , an air force general belonging to their tribe .
thamir	the al - bu nimr in ramadi and al - qaim rose in arms against saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of thamir madhlum al - dulaymi , an air force general belonging to their tribe .
madhlum	the al - bu nimr in ramadi and al - qaim rose in arms against saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of thamir madhlum al - dulaymi , an air force general belonging to their tribe .
dulaymi	the al - bu nimr in ramadi and al - qaim rose in arms against saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of thamir madhlum al - dulaymi , an air force general belonging to their tribe .
lihabi	another bad step was the recent arrest of sheikh hassan al - lihabi , of the lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of al - anbar , mosul and salah al - din .
lihaib	another bad step was the recent arrest of sheikh hassan al - lihabi , of the lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of al - anbar , mosul and salah al - din .	al - lihaibi was running in elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident .
salah	another bad step was the recent arrest of sheikh hassan al - lihabi , of the lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of al - anbar , mosul and salah al - din .
lihaibi	al - lihaibi was running in elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident .
posada	remember luis posada carriles ?	because of such talk , posada has been taken into custody by immigration officials .	authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about posada 's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug .	but comfortable among the thugs , posada overplayed his hand and embarrassed his old patron , the us government .	posada should have told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like meiring told the single american reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from the philippines , that " if this harms me in any way , you will find my power then , and you 'll find out who i am . "	but then , maybe that would n't have saved him either , because posada is not meiring .	posada can be given up , but meiring ca n't .	posada 's crimes , on the other hand , must seem like ancient history , especially to a people who do n't know their history .	but will posada be given up ?	i expect it will be determined that , under " strong man " hugo chavez , posada could not be guaranteed a fair trial .	the hope may be that posada can soon be offered to a post-chavez allawi - like puppet in caracas .	but posada 's nearly 80 years old , and the venezuelan people will ensure that 's a vain hope .	so instead posada may be held indefinitely , in comfortable custody .	if i was rummy i 'd send posada to iraq to blow things up there .	yesterday evening , the posada story was featured in the public television news show in germany ( ard , tagesthemen ) .
carriles	remember luis posada carriles ?
overplayed	but comfortable among the thugs , posada overplayed his hand and embarrassed his old patron , the us government .
'd	and though he 'd been a faithful servant , he was not such a player that he could get away with that .	wilson had been able to show that he 'd had more than 80 " non-social contacts " with the cia since his retirement in 1971 , leaving the prosecution 's case in turmoil .	if i was rummy i 'd send posada to iraq to blow things up there .	archibald says mr. bush would come into the office and , in a friendly way , offer up stories about the drinking he 'd done the night before , kind of as a conversation starter .	christ , you 'd think america would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots .	if you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds , or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the s@p , i 'd listen .	at some point , i 'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close ?	i 'll still be here in boston so we 'd do it over the phone .	i 'd forgotten how blown away i was by some of the songs the first time i saw it in ny .	anyway , i 'm sure i 'd mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl .	so was darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they 'd make a good match ?	thought you 'd like to know that the dixie chicks are coming back to houston dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the compaq center ... it 's all about you and your needs .	john suttle has ok'd anthony 's latest request w / r. t. the csa .	if they 're ok with it , we 'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections .	let us know and we can add it , and make any other changes you 'd like to make at this end .	given the above , if you have adequate protection for the word enron ( which covers the services that you offer on - line as well as your core activities ) , i 'd say that another application for the words enron online is probably unnecessary .	i 'd like to work with you on a response to this customer .	here 's a story ... as i was waiting at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approached me and asked if i 'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus .	figured they 'd contacted them , but wanted to make sure .	i can dig it up if you 'd like .	so , if anyone can give me some advice , i 'd sure appreciate it !	if anyone is interested in listening to this song , and in offering their opinion , whether it be positive or negative , i 'd appreciate it .	here , cars are absolutely necessary , and he 'd have to have one , too .	the one department of life that may not quite be as hopeful as you 'd like could be your career , where advancement may be slow and satisfaction rare .	if you knew what kind of " meat " they put in canned cat food you 'd understand this .	i 'd be happy if someone helps , especially someone who has been to fujairah or lives there . :)	almost every day he 'd even wake me up like 5 am in the morning , trying to bite my arm .	he 'd just randomly walk up to you and start the biting .	if you 'd rather dine at home , simply call in your order with our take - out service .	there has been a large asian presence in the sf bay area for a long time -- the chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of china , there were lots of japanese who 'd been displaced during wwii .	i do n't like that option though - i think it 's pretty cruel and i'd not done properly you 'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake .	in delhi i 'd recommend ajay guesthouse .
pesky	he should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , cia operative michael meiring .
extradited	he should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , cia operative michael meiring .	i doubt he will be extradited to venezuela , which is the only way that question could be answered with a yes .	at the height of the development of his biological weapons program , his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the " albanian returnees " case ( now he faces retrial ) .
meiring	he should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , cia operative michael meiring .	posada should have told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like meiring told the single american reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from the philippines , that " if this harms me in any way , you will find my power then , and you 'll find out who i am . "	but then , maybe that would n't have saved him either , because posada is not meiring .	posada can be given up , but meiring ca n't .	meiring 's crimes are fresh , and wave the false flag which is the " war on terror . "	meiring is more than an embarrassment .
inquisitive	posada should have told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like meiring told the single american reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from the philippines , that " if this harms me in any way , you will find my power then , and you 'll find out who i am . "
harms	posada should have told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like meiring told the single american reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from the philippines , that " if this harms me in any way , you will find my power then , and you 'll find out who i am . "
'll	posada should have told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like meiring told the single american reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from the philippines , that " if this harms me in any way , you will find my power then , and you 'll find out who i am . "	i 'll be sure to come back .	and we 'll get around to that .	just give your email and / or phone number to these guys and they 'll track down your family .	martin 's box is working wonderfully - i 'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by friday .	we 'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options .	we 'll find time when things settle down .	i may have to postpone again , i 'll let you know later this morning .	i may have to postpone again , i 'll let you know later this morning .	i 'll be in around 1000	i 'll send it as soon as you resond wether i should or not .	then i 'll take it to ed for his approval .	i 'll be at your house around 10:30 or 11 tonight .	i 'll initiate the call .	i 'll still be here in boston so we 'd do it over the phone .	they will be there by noon on the 20th , and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they 'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into icu .	they are hoping he 'll only be in the hospital 48 hours .	in the next week or so , we 'll be sending around a discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issues , and we will try to talk to as many of you as possible before the meeting to go through it .	i 'll take tco pool at index and sale leach or pool at index - $ .04 .	i 'll be in tomorrow .	otherwise , we can see who we can scare up at the office , or you can have laura sign and i 'll initial later .	i 'll be in tomorrow .	otherwise , we can see who we can scare up at the office , or you can have laura sign and i 'll initial later .	she had her cards memorized as well as everyone else s ( when you play you 'll see why you can know everyone else s hands ! ) .	you 'll have to come visit to check out my new house .	if so , i 'll get it signed by craig breslau today , then bring it to you for countersignature .	we 'll do whatever you want want if you still are coming !	i 'll talk to you later .	i 'll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 32 .	i think they 'll send us another update once he 's out of emergency and into a room .?	these three little ones do n't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice dad , but i 'm sure they 'll find out soon .	i 'll keep you posted .
exacerbated	the bombings implicated muslims , and exacerbated regional tensions which the bush regime and its friends wearing the brass in the philippine military sought to exploit .	according to many scientists , the early results of global warming - 90 degree fahrenheit water temperatures in the gulf and rising sea levels - may have exacerbated the destructive power of katrina .
post-chavez	the hope may be that posada can soon be offered to a post-chavez allawi - like puppet in caracas .
strut	an embarrassment to the us still , just not as embarrassing as having the old killer strut about miami , gloating in his freedom .
gloating	an embarrassment to the us still , just not as embarrassing as having the old killer strut about miami , gloating in his freedom .
disposable	another connection to philippine terror and weapons smuggling - dating from the 1980s - is alleged in the book disposable patriot , by jack terrell .
terrell	another connection to philippine terror and weapons smuggling - dating from the 1980s - is alleged in the book disposable patriot , by jack terrell .	terrell , a cia asset originally recruited for the contra effort , identifies the man attempting to recruit him into the philippine scheme as oliver north ...	i 've read the book - it 's a first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of contra drug connections that led to terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the twig counterintelligence group that ran interference for the contra effort , staffed by covert ops types including ollie north , robert owen , vince cannistaro and buck revell .	peter dale scott includes an account of how terrell 's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book cocaine politics .	dave terrell www.norcalfightingalliance.com
smuggle	i seem to recall the object was to smuggle explosives .	some 200,000 guns the us sent to iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists , it was feared yesterday .	when iraq invaded kuwait , many of these girls were transported to jordan and then smuggled to various countries -- germany , france , canada , denmark , england , the united states -- where they were raised by guardians who were usually mujahedeen supporters .
http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/asin/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939	http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/asin/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939
've	i 've read the book - it 's a first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of contra drug connections that led to terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the twig counterintelligence group that ran interference for the contra effort , staffed by covert ops types including ollie north , robert owen , vince cannistaro and buck revell .	that 's all i know ; i 've had nothing to do with it .	we thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting , so we 've provided a sampling of the suggestions below .	i 'm very proud of what we 've done .	meanwhile , arthur levitt has agreed to meet with us in september to brainstorm on the ideas we 've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them .	i 've already made my xmas plans .	chris and ben did a marvelous job for thanksgiving , i can testify that it was one of the best thanksgiv8ing dinners i 've ever had ( i not gon na tell them that , i do n't want them getting swell heads ) .	we 've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the " babies elliott " had arrived .	hope you 've been storing up sleep , cause it looks like you wo n't be getting much for a while .	ok , now that i 've got your attention - i really am offering free lunch !	i 've booked videoconference room # 1 .	i 've also included a redlined draft showing changes .	i 'm glad they want to follow - up with steve ( i 've been pushing it ) and i 've got some follow - up as well based on chats i had in the afternoon on friday with folks post-call .	we 've received a personal invitation to a nymex crawfish boil on april 3 at 5:00 at garden in the heights at 3926 feagan .	after discussions with the commercial group i propose that that redlined language be added to the attached dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we 've done .	one thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in with the first two questions as i 've listed .	i 've simply lost track !	3 . the change in law provision reads a bit differently from the long form -- the thinking here is that the long form language is very lengthy and rather harsh ( and we 've had great difficulty selling it in the past ) .	as far as the eei goes , the only remaining issue that i 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the loc ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	we 've booked italy tickets this week for departing houston on friday , may 24 to newark / rome and returning on sunday , june 9 from rome to newark / houston .	i 've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately .	i 've pasted the email for those who have n't seen or would like to re-read it .	but we 've been looking at streamside communities .	they 've only been there for 10 years .	you know , i 've lived in the dallas / fort worth metroplex most of my life .	there is a lot of racial diversity in all of these places ... and i 've vacationed through the south ... visited my folks when they lived in mississippi , and where they live now and are in the racial minority being white ( less than 20 % ) in northeastern arkansas .	these are some of the things i 've been wondering ...	your life might take on an entirely new direction you 've never dreamed of .	whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner , or you 've been married for many years , happiness in love does lie ahead .	you 've got plenty of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005 , friend capricorn .	the long awaited relief you 've needed in your love life is around the corner , and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general .	it is easy to note the uneasiness of mccartney when he sings : " i 've got a feeling , a feeling i ca n't hide ... " in front of yoko in the film .
discrediting	i 've read the book - it 's a first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of contra drug connections that led to terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the twig counterintelligence group that ran interference for the contra effort , staffed by covert ops types including ollie north , robert owen , vince cannistaro and buck revell .
twig	i 've read the book - it 's a first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of contra drug connections that led to terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the twig counterintelligence group that ran interference for the contra effort , staffed by covert ops types including ollie north , robert owen , vince cannistaro and buck revell .
counterintelligence	i 've read the book - it 's a first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of contra drug connections that led to terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the twig counterintelligence group that ran interference for the contra effort , staffed by covert ops types including ollie north , robert owen , vince cannistaro and buck revell .
cannistaro	i 've read the book - it 's a first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of contra drug connections that led to terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the twig counterintelligence group that ran interference for the contra effort , staffed by covert ops types including ollie north , robert owen , vince cannistaro and buck revell .
revell	i 've read the book - it 's a first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of contra drug connections that led to terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the twig counterintelligence group that ran interference for the contra effort , staffed by covert ops types including ollie north , robert owen , vince cannistaro and buck revell .
whistleblowing	peter dale scott includes an account of how terrell 's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book cocaine politics .
cross-examination	due to the judge in the 1983 case ruling that a cia agent could not testify using a pseudonym , therefore opening him to cross-examination by wilson , the prosecution had a problem .
quaddaffi	wilson was claiming that he had been working for the cia when he sold the c - 4 to quaddaffi .
non-social	wilson had been able to show that he 'd had more than 80 " non-social contacts " with the cia since his retirement in 1971 , leaving the prosecution 's case in turmoil .
a.	then charles a. briggs came to the rescue .	attached for your further handling is the draft form deemed isda between ena and ispat mexicana s.a. de c.v .	obviously the foreign offices have issues that may not apply in the us ( although la. is about as close as you can get to a third world country ) .	" scott a. kushnick " < skush@swbell.net >	when : june 12 , 2005 , 2:00 p.m. to 2:00 a.m.	3 ) g. v. & a. bourret 41 broome st , # 1 brooklyn , ny 11222 usa	unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the l.a. section .	hello my name is vera and i 'm writing a review about my own counseling practice in bellevue , wa. and in renton wa .	bush also nominated a. noel anketell kramer for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the district of columbia court of appeals , replacing john montague steadman .	kevin a. boone accenture -- houston consultant -- energy ( octel ) 713.837.1638 ( client ) 281.848.1619 ( c ) 713.306.7940 ( h ) 713.864.4149 kevin.a.boone@accenture.com	becky a. stephens litigation unit , enron corp. 713/853-5025 eb 4809
pertains	third ranking cia officer , briggs signed a declaration on february 3rd , 1983 , that on november 8th , 1982 , he had authorized a search of cia records " for any material that in any way pertains to edwin p. wilson , or the various allegations concerning his activities after february 28th , 1971 , when he retired from the cia . "	this section pertains to terminated employees who are paid out in the year following the termination event .
p.	third ranking cia officer , briggs signed a declaration on february 3rd , 1983 , that on november 8th , 1982 , he had authorized a search of cia records " for any material that in any way pertains to edwin p. wilson , or the various allegations concerning his activities after february 28th , 1971 , when he retired from the cia . "	p.s. by the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the eol ?	p.s. please be sure to copy sarah dietrich and jennifer hillegonds on your response -- they will be taking this project during my " hiatus " -- i am moving to pa on friday of this week , and will be out of pocket through approximately 7/16 .	bruce reilly ( a.k.a bruha ) p.o. box 8274 cranston , ri 02920 usa	p.s. - i am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause .	when : june 12 , 2005 , 2:00 p.m. to 2:00 a.m.	2 ) s luest p.o. box 366 garden grove , ca 92842 usa	on or about october 6 , 1999 , kelly cloud , senior vice president of ccng , inc. ( 713 ) 235-1972 , called and informed me that the counterparty should be ccgm , l.p. .	p.s. i am moving back to calgary in about a month .	p.s. tom , please , contact vernon and get the details .
http://www.disinfo.com/archive/pages/dossier/id334/pg1/	http://www.disinfo.com/archive/pages/dossier/id334/pg1/
huston	last week , federal district judge lynn hughes in huston , texas , threw out wilson 's two - decades old conviction .
knowingly	judge hughes wrote : ` government knowingly used false evidence against him , ' concluding ` honesty comes hard to government . '
http://www.bigeye.com/111003.htm	http://www.bigeye.com/111003.htm
http://www.thekcrachannel.com/news/4503872/detail.html	http://www.thekcrachannel.com/news/4503872/detail.html
rearing	looks like it is rearing its head again in louisianna ..
louisianna	looks like it is rearing its head again in louisianna ..
..	... a drop in the birth rate , a deterioration in women 's reproductive health , an increase in complications during pregnancy and birth , and a deterioration in neonatal health ....	as a child in the 50's i had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy ( primitive at best ! ) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging -- they said it was not ca but stopped the treatments ....	do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......	terrell , a cia asset originally recruited for the contra effort , identifies the man attempting to recruit him into the philippine scheme as oliver north ...	... same ole , same ole ...	looks like it is rearing its head again in louisianna ..	yeah , " things " ...	how would you like to know how you can live in a beautiful new house that is custom - designed to your specifications ......... and at no cost to you ?	and it 's not hard to do .... if you know how .	the only catch is that you have to have an income above $ 21,000 ...... and ...... you have to follow the easy instructions provided to you .	...	" he left a message for everyone to see ... maybe to god himself . "	dekalb county police chief louis graham ... the man who reopened the investigations last year , is mysteriously stepping down .	and of all the people who the county is getting to find a replacement ... is none other than lee brown , the original supervisor of the atlanta pd , who was in office during the murders and the subsequent investigation .	lots of important stories out there today jeff .... thank god and a few good souls for that conviction .	talk about law enforcement not having the will ...	...	now , flds leader warren jeffs has been added to the fbi 's list of " ten most wanted fugitives , " a move that caps law enforcement 's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years ... [ because of ] the impact that the group 's practices , law enforcement officials say , are having on the most vulnerable within the sect , particularly children and women .	...	...	we now return you to your regularly scheduled programming ....	then , of course , there is the evidence the jury did not hear about in the robinson case ...	funny how some things are squirelled away by well - meaning prosecutors ...	the pentagon is bypassing official us intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...	a country deserves the leaders it has , my friends ...	umm ...	praise be : given the void in responsible behavior among governments , police , educational establishments and religions , the task of guiding our youth down the path of righteousness has fallen to ... satan "	hmmmmmm ....................	the wikipedia entry for aerocom is just a stub .. waiting for someone to put some information into it ....	so ... put some information in there .	how are chants of death and suicide ... morality .	they were death metal brainwashed fans , literally fulfilling the death metal paradigm , er ... morality .
ponchatoula	ponchatoula , la. --
la.	ponchatoula , la. --	sheriff 's deputies in louisiana made a third arrest wednesday in the ongoing investigation of a case involving allegations of sexual abuse of children and animals at a ponchatoula , la. , church .
hosanna	police said bernard confessed to detectives that he had sex with a young girl in november 2002 and admitted to knowing about sexual acts involving children and a dog that occurred at hosanna church .	on monday , louis lamonica , 45 , the former pastor of hosanna church , was booked with two counts of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature after he walked in to the livingston parish sheriff 's office and said he could implicate others in a situation at the church that reportedly occurred two years ago .
tangipahoa	tangipahoa parish sheriff 's deputy christopher blair labat , 24 , was booked tuesday on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature .
labat	tangipahoa parish sheriff 's deputy christopher blair labat , 24 , was booked tuesday on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature .
lamonica	on monday , louis lamonica , 45 , the former pastor of hosanna church , was booked with two counts of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature after he walked in to the livingston parish sheriff 's office and said he could implicate others in a situation at the church that reportedly occurred two years ago .
implicate	although musharraf did turn against the taliban after september 11 , under extreme duress from the us , elements of his military continued to support radical islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on musharraf himself .	the bombings implicated muslims , and exacerbated regional tensions which the bush regime and its friends wearing the brass in the philippine military sought to exploit .	on monday , louis lamonica , 45 , the former pastor of hosanna church , was booked with two counts of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature after he walked in to the livingston parish sheriff 's office and said he could implicate others in a situation at the church that reportedly occurred two years ago .
unravelling	we have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose .
rummy	if i was rummy i 'd send posada to iraq to blow things up there .
ard	yesterday evening , the posada story was featured in the public television news show in germany ( ard , tagesthemen ) .	1542 leonardo , giovanni ( a.k.a. il puttino / the boy ) born in calaria .	the person who best explains this , and helps me out the best with my question will be rewarded with ten points !!!!!!!	only if you have been on board * both * !!
tagesthemen	yesterday evening , the posada story was featured in the public television news show in germany ( ard , tagesthemen ) .
complicit	the newly released papers , showing him complicit in the airliner bombing , were mentioned
airliner	the newly released papers , showing him complicit in the airliner bombing , were mentioned	others argue that he was to be part of a second wave of airliners directed to targets on the west coast .
gandalf	gandalf
a3l	the good a3l us of a ai nt what it used to be .
yuor	i like yuor blog .
.........	how would you like to know how you can live in a beautiful new house that is custom - designed to your specifications ......... and at no cost to you ?	hmmmmmm ....................	let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ..........	for those who believe ....................	full name of the father is : " nguyen thanh luan " ===> full name of the son / daughter certainly is " nguyen .......... " , for instance , " nguyen thi thuy lan " .	let s be clear about this ...........	whatever you do ............... do not try to come here with out legal permission .	mixed tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad .	maybe the cat needs a " new ' home .........	moral of the story : do n't drink coke .......... drink pepsi !
21,000	the only catch is that you have to have an income above $ 21,000 ...... and ...... you have to follow the easy instructions provided to you .	we save $ 21,000 in real money this way , the cash refund sun is giving enron for our other server , using a box that was n't being used by anyone .
......	do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......	how would you like to know how you can live in a beautiful new house that is custom - designed to your specifications ......... and at no cost to you ?	the only catch is that you have to have an income above $ 21,000 ...... and ...... you have to follow the easy instructions provided to you .	hmmmmmm ....................	let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ..........	for those who believe ....................	hi everyone .... just hav my hands on my new olympus x940 digital camera .. wel , i always wanted 2 hav one by sony .. but anyways , ended up having olympus x940 from my dad ....... does any1 already has it ?	ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated ....... thanks !!!!!!!	full name of the father is : " nguyen thanh luan " ===> full name of the son / daughter certainly is " nguyen .......... " , for instance , " nguyen thi thuy lan " .	let s be clear about this ...........	whatever you do ............... do not try to come here with out legal permission .	usually you ca n't go wrong when getting a spa treatment ......	you can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking ........	mixed tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad .	with all the child predators out there , a busy road , cars speeding by ...... and you are going to let some 4 / 5 year olds wonder around cause you 're money hungry ?	....... the rest was history !	maybe the cat needs a " new ' home .........	moral of the story : do n't drink coke .......... drink pepsi !	i 've seen that ....... that does not help me at all it says what cubism influenced not what influnced cubism	a well communicated and will be hireing again for another projects ......
get-a-free-house.com	get-a-free-house.com
andaman	+ as the implications of the andaman islands situation sink in , indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny .	in early february , india charged 34 arakan separatists from myanmar with hiding in the landfall islands , part of the andaman islands group ( see end note ) .	but the news of the arakan rebels is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to growing concern in new delhi over the security of the andaman islands .	reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the andaman islands are not only thick with myanmar rebels .	it has also become an arms depot of the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) , who operate almost freely in the andaman sea .	information pointing in this direction came to light after the december 26 tsunami , which took a heavy toll on the andamans .	security problems in the andaman sea are not new , but they have deteriorated during the past few years , in tandem with a deterioration in the security situation in bangladesh , nepal and bhutan , and particularly in the northeastern indian states of manipur , nagaland and tripura .	the andaman sea is a major conduit for this traffic , and the 572 large and small islands that constitute the andaman and nicobar group are a natural transit base .	since the " sea tigers " of the ltte , better known as the tamil tigers , are the ones who rule the andaman sea : they carry the arms and drugs for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in aceh and all along the east coast of africa .	a recent report by a journalist from port blair , in the andamans , quoted an unnamed official saying that foreigners from myanmar , bangladesh and sri lanka have permanently settled in the islands , using fake indian ration cards , while citizens of thailand , china , indonesia and malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leave .	an official estimate issued in 2003 suggests there are 50,000 " foreigners " in the andaman islands , but unofficial figures are much higher than this .	as most of them have few technical skills , and the andamans have little demand for them in any case , they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities .	as the implications of the andaman islands situation sink in , indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny .	this formidable enemy , which gave the indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s , has been operating in northeastern india and in the andaman sea for a long time .	in 2001 , according to indian army officials , security forces launched a wide - ranging operation in the 300 - some inhabited islands neighboring andaman and nicobar , and found huge caches of arms .	in addition , ltte activity in the andaman sea is well known to local observers .	until 1995 the ltte maintained a base at twante , an island off the coat of myanmar , west of the andaman islands .	at the time of his arrest , the suspect was allegedly involved in constructing a " submarine " in a shipyard on the island of sirae near phuket on the andaman sea coast .	the real threat to the andaman islands is the steady building - up of ports and conduits that serve the tamil tigers and a host of less - strong militant groups .	as a result , north of the andaman islands , bangladeshi coastal areas have become a nest of terrorists involved in the shipment of drugs and arms .	india 's andaman and nicobar islands comprise more than 500 islands lying 1,000 kilometers east of sri lanka in the bay of bengal .	the ten degree channel divides the andamans , which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands , from the 20 or so nicobar islands in the south .	on south andaman , the most heavily populated island , is port blair , which is the capital and the only large town in the entire archipelago .	travel to the nicobar islands is forbidden to non-indians , and they are also not allowed in some parts of south andaman island .
fallibility	in recent months , its fallibility has become evident .	in recent months , its fallibility has become evident .
foresee	the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka , and the recent " coup " by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure . +	the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka , and the recent " coup " by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure .
pro-india	the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka , and the recent " coup " by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure . +	the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka , and the recent " coup " by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure .
hasina	the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka , and the recent " coup " by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure . +	the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka , and the recent " coup " by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure .
wazed	the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka , and the recent " coup " by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure . +	the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka , and the recent " coup " by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure .
nepalese	the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka , and the recent " coup " by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure . +	the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka , and the recent " coup " by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure .
gyanendra	the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka , and the recent " coup " by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure . +	the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka , and the recent " coup " by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure .
ramtanu	ramtanu maitra	ramtanu maitra writes for a number of international journals and is a regular contributor to the washington - based eir and the new delhi - based indian defense review .
maitra	ramtanu maitra	ramtanu maitra writes for a number of international journals and is a regular contributor to the washington - based eir and the new delhi - based indian defense review .
arakan	in early february , india charged 34 arakan separatists from myanmar with hiding in the landfall islands , part of the andaman islands group ( see end note ) .	these alleged members of the arakan army , the military wing of the national unity party in myanmar , have been charged with illegal entry .	but the news of the arakan rebels is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to growing concern in new delhi over the security of the andaman islands .	six crew members were from the arakan region of myanmar .
separatists	in early february , india charged 34 arakan separatists from myanmar with hiding in the landfall islands , part of the andaman islands group ( see end note ) .
iceberg	but the news of the arakan rebels is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to growing concern in new delhi over the security of the andaman islands .
andamans	information pointing in this direction came to light after the december 26 tsunami , which took a heavy toll on the andamans .	a recent report by a journalist from port blair , in the andamans , quoted an unnamed official saying that foreigners from myanmar , bangladesh and sri lanka have permanently settled in the islands , using fake indian ration cards , while citizens of thailand , china , indonesia and malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leave .	as most of them have few technical skills , and the andamans have little demand for them in any case , they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities .	the ten degree channel divides the andamans , which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands , from the 20 or so nicobar islands in the south .
correspondents	correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found they also had another story - the miserable security situation surrounding the indian navy 's far eastern naval command , now being established along with india 's " blue water navy " .
flocked	correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found they also had another story - the miserable security situation surrounding the indian navy 's far eastern naval command , now being established along with india 's " blue water navy " .
manipur	security problems in the andaman sea are not new , but they have deteriorated during the past few years , in tandem with a deterioration in the security situation in bangladesh , nepal and bhutan , and particularly in the northeastern indian states of manipur , nagaland and tripura .	four persons were arrested , reportedly belonging to the manipur revolutionary people 's front .
nagaland	security problems in the andaman sea are not new , but they have deteriorated during the past few years , in tandem with a deterioration in the security situation in bangladesh , nepal and bhutan , and particularly in the northeastern indian states of manipur , nagaland and tripura .
tripura	security problems in the andaman sea are not new , but they have deteriorated during the past few years , in tandem with a deterioration in the security situation in bangladesh , nepal and bhutan , and particularly in the northeastern indian states of manipur , nagaland and tripura .
withstanding	while the indian army has become rock - solid in the western front , and has developed the capability of withstanding any pakistani adventure in that sector , it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector , where its enemy is not a national army but a multitude of secessionist , terrorist and drug - running militants operating between southeast asia and northeastern india through bangladesh .
secessionist	while the indian army has become rock - solid in the western front , and has developed the capability of withstanding any pakistani adventure in that sector , it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector , where its enemy is not a national army but a multitude of secessionist , terrorist and drug - running militants operating between southeast asia and northeastern india through bangladesh .	unless new delhi does better in providing security to its own nationals against rebels , secessionists , drug runners and arms traffickers , it will not generate much confidence in the capitals of surrounding nations .	it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups , such as the harkat - ul - jehad - al - islami , in the port city of chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebels from india 's northeast in touch with this terrorist network .
conduit	the andaman sea is a major conduit for this traffic , and the 572 large and small islands that constitute the andaman and nicobar group are a natural transit base .	the real threat to the andaman islands is the steady building - up of ports and conduits that serve the tamil tigers and a host of less - strong militant groups .
572	the andaman sea is a major conduit for this traffic , and the 572 large and small islands that constitute the andaman and nicobar group are a natural transit base .	1572 ruy lopez defeats several eminent players in rome .
nicobar	the andaman sea is a major conduit for this traffic , and the 572 large and small islands that constitute the andaman and nicobar group are a natural transit base .	" port blair , havelock islands , diglipur , middle nicobar , campbell 's bay , neil islands and rangott are mostly overrun by foreigners , " he said .	in 2001 , according to indian army officials , security forces launched a wide - ranging operation in the 300 - some inhabited islands neighboring andaman and nicobar , and found huge caches of arms .	india 's andaman and nicobar islands comprise more than 500 islands lying 1,000 kilometers east of sri lanka in the bay of bengal .	the ten degree channel divides the andamans , which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands , from the 20 or so nicobar islands in the south .	travel to the nicobar islands is forbidden to non-indians , and they are also not allowed in some parts of south andaman island .
aceh	since the " sea tigers " of the ltte , better known as the tamil tigers , are the ones who rule the andaman sea : they carry the arms and drugs for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in aceh and all along the east coast of africa .
ration	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .	many people still believe that to be true , even though the ministry of russian federation on civil defence , emergencies and elimination of conseguences of natural disasters ( emercom of russia ) reported this in 1996 :	... a drop in the birth rate , a deterioration in women 's reproductive health , an increase in complications during pregnancy and birth , and a deterioration in neonatal health ....	one of them is the rest and recuperation program , wherein a child can come to the us for a few weeks in the summer .	they would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operations , which is also a nuclear power .	but sharon 's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace , and the bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the west bank and gaza .	the biggest threat israel faces is not from conventional armies but from the asymmetrical tactics of palestinian national liberation movements .	the palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the israeli occupation of the gaza strip and the west bank were not driven by economic considerations .	he did not allow palestinian radicals to launch operations against israel from iraq .	the bungling of post-war iraq by the bush administration created a weak and failed state .	while india is ready to enter into a " defense cooperation agreement " with sri lanka , it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the island nation 's two decades - old civil war that has seen violent strife between ethnic tamils and the sinhalese majority - leaving over 60,000 dead on both sides .	according to professor s d muni , south asia expert at the jawaharal nehru university , the two - year peace talks between colombo and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) are stalemated .	according to former indian army general a s kalkat , the difficulty for kumaratunga 's government lay in the fact that the ltte had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its control .	a veteran of india 's military intervention in the jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 indo - sri lanka peace accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable ltte - kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment .	the tigers ' chief ideologue , balasingham , sniffed at the proposal saying that " a solution to the ethnic conflict can not be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences , but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces . "	she added that recent visits to the island by india 's top military brass including army chief general nirmal chander vij have " caused apprehension among tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island " .	it is also far more than what any administration in new delhi can deliver .	because of such talk , posada has been taken into custody by immigration officials .	third ranking cia officer , briggs signed a declaration on february 3rd , 1983 , that on november 8th , 1982 , he had authorized a search of cia records " for any material that in any way pertains to edwin p. wilson , or the various allegations concerning his activities after february 28th , 1971 , when he retired from the cia . "	the briggs declaration states that with one exception in 1972 , wilson did not work " directly or indirectly " for the cia since retiring .	i do n't know how others feel , but i 'm definitely looking into immigration to canada as an option .	it has also become an arms depot of the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) , who operate almost freely in the andaman sea .	security problems in the andaman sea are not new , but they have deteriorated during the past few years , in tandem with a deterioration in the security situation in bangladesh , nepal and bhutan , and particularly in the northeastern indian states of manipur , nagaland and tripura .	a recent report by a journalist from port blair , in the andamans , quoted an unnamed official saying that foreigners from myanmar , bangladesh and sri lanka have permanently settled in the islands , using fake indian ration cards , while citizens of thailand , china , indonesia and malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leave .	in 2001 , according to indian army officials , security forces launched a wide - ranging operation in the 300 - some inhabited islands neighboring andaman and nicobar , and found huge caches of arms .	the search - and - destroy operation was carried out by the indian government after repeated requests from colombo .	'' there is much better tactical cooperation between our forces on both sides of the border , but the movement of taliban still goes on both ways , '' he adds .	at the same time the us remains oblivious of the serious problems and political fallout which the army is facing in its operations in waziristan .	'' afghanistan has had the benefit of cooperation from both the us and iran .	it 's always a bang - your - head - against - the - wall moment , reading again the play the incompetence theory receives , even from some of the administration 's harshest mainstream critics .	but then , even to talk of an " administration " may be misdirection at this point , given how little representative government means in the united states these days , and how much of " national security " has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns .	the pentagon is bypassing official us intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...
plunder	a recent report by a journalist from port blair , in the andamans , quoted an unnamed official saying that foreigners from myanmar , bangladesh and sri lanka have permanently settled in the islands , using fake indian ration cards , while citizens of thailand , china , indonesia and malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leave .
havelock	" port blair , havelock islands , diglipur , middle nicobar , campbell 's bay , neil islands and rangott are mostly overrun by foreigners , " he said .
diglipur	" port blair , havelock islands , diglipur , middle nicobar , campbell 's bay , neil islands and rangott are mostly overrun by foreigners , " he said .
rangott	" port blair , havelock islands , diglipur , middle nicobar , campbell 's bay , neil islands and rangott are mostly overrun by foreigners , " he said .
50,000	an official estimate issued in 2003 suggests there are 50,000 " foreigners " in the andaman islands , but unofficial figures are much higher than this .	net to eco about $ 3,300,000 ( enron 50 % share about $ 1,650,000 )	please follow the directions exactly , and $ 50,000 or more can be yours in 20 to 60 days .	according to a report issued by the center for strategic and international studies in december of 2004 , iran " has some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserves .	china will purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from iran over the next 30 years , will develop the massive yadavaran oil field in iran , and will receive 150,000 barrels of oil per day from that field .	750,000 - tons of toxic waste the us military , the world 's biggest polluter , generates around the world each year .	kinder morgan $ 3,500,000 $ 1,250,000	aep $ 19,250,000 $ 38,750,000	totals $ 22,750,000 $ 40,000,000
bangladeshis	a large number of them are bangladeshis , who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere .
countrymen	a large number of them are bangladeshis , who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere .	a suicide murder is simply a horrible , vicious weapon of cruel , inhuman , cynical , well - funded terrorists , with no regard to human life , including the life of their fellow countrymen , but with very high regard to their own affluent well - being and their hunger for power .
grossly	reports from port blair make it evident that new delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the indian coast guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .
unequipped	reports from port blair make it evident that new delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the indian coast guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .
tankers	these islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the strait of malacca , through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily , bringing in oil for the far east and southeast asia .	further , any fighting in the persian gulf would imperil the tankers running china 's liquefied natural gas through the strait of hormuz .
lapses	intelligence lapses	the economy is down and when enron collapses , the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt .
secessionists	unless new delhi does better in providing security to its own nationals against rebels , secessionists , drug runners and arms traffickers , it will not generate much confidence in the capitals of surrounding nations .
traffickers	unless new delhi does better in providing security to its own nationals against rebels , secessionists , drug runners and arms traffickers , it will not generate much confidence in the capitals of surrounding nations .
anti-india	in fact , it would tend to encourage more organized anti-india outfits , such as the pakistani inter- services intelligence ( isi ) and outside - linked maoists , to exploit these networks and weaken india 's eastern flank .	a number of extremist groups , under the cover of the islamist movement , have become active in drug trafficking , gun running and anti-indian activities .
inter-	in fact , it would tend to encourage more organized anti-india outfits , such as the pakistani inter- services intelligence ( isi ) and outside - linked maoists , to exploit these networks and weaken india 's eastern flank .
isi	in fact , it would tend to encourage more organized anti-india outfits , such as the pakistani inter- services intelligence ( isi ) and outside - linked maoists , to exploit these networks and weaken india 's eastern flank .	it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups , such as the harkat - ul - jehad - al - islami , in the port city of chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebels from india 's northeast in touch with this terrorist network .	us and nato military officers in kabul say it is too early to say whether bush 's tough message was instrumental in persuading musharraf and the isi to pressure the taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections .	us and afghan intelligence will shortly be presenting the isi with a list of taliban extremists and their suspected whereabouts .	afghan officials welcomed the appointment on october 3 of lt. general ashfaq kiyani as the new isi chief .	the pakistan isi and cia rarely grant press interviews in connection with an ongoing manhunt .	it is not a high end steak house , more of the cuisine brett enjoys in mississippi .
maoists	in fact , it would tend to encourage more organized anti-india outfits , such as the pakistani inter- services intelligence ( isi ) and outside - linked maoists , to exploit these networks and weaken india 's eastern flank .
lackluster	indian intelligence 's lackluster performance in dealing with the ltte is startling .	expect either undercooked or mushy food and lackluster service .
mid-1980s	this formidable enemy , which gave the indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s , has been operating in northeastern india and in the andaman sea for a long time .
caches	in 2001 , according to indian army officials , security forces launched a wide - ranging operation in the 300 - some inhabited islands neighboring andaman and nicobar , and found huge caches of arms .
asiaweek	the biggest ltte maritime disaster was reported in the now - defunct asiaweek in 2001 .
phuket	a shipment of weapons , ammunition and explosives , believed to have been purchased from cambodia and worth several million dollars , left the port of phuket in thailand in early february 2001 aboard the freighter comex - joux 3 .	subsequently , phuket became the ltte 's main backup base .	at the time of his arrest , the suspect was allegedly involved in constructing a " submarine " in a shipyard on the island of sirae near phuket on the andaman sea coast .	the best company in phuket for creating website and e-commerce website .
comex	a shipment of weapons , ammunition and explosives , believed to have been purchased from cambodia and worth several million dollars , left the port of phuket in thailand in early february 2001 aboard the freighter comex - joux 3 .
joux	a shipment of weapons , ammunition and explosives , believed to have been purchased from cambodia and worth several million dollars , left the port of phuket in thailand in early february 2001 aboard the freighter comex - joux 3 .
orissa	on its journey across the bay of bengal the freighter was tracked by the indian navy and orissa - based spy planes of india 's aviation research center ; it was intercepted by indian naval vessels off sri lanka 's east coast .
ranong	in 1997 , the thai navy reported the interception of a 16 - meter boat after a chase off the thai port of ranong , and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunition .
confiscation	in 1997 , the thai navy reported the interception of a 16 - meter boat after a chase off the thai port of ranong , and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunition .
launchers	among the weapons intercepted were two rocket - propelled - grenade launchers , 20 assault rifles , m - 79 grenade launchers and more than 10,000 rounds of ammunition .	lunar landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be lofted by gargantuan launchers as big as the apollo - era saturn 5 , the most powerful rockets ever flown .
10,000	among the weapons intercepted were two rocket - propelled - grenade launchers , 20 assault rifles , m - 79 grenade launchers and more than 10,000 rounds of ammunition .	when the flds under mr. jeffs ( and his father before him ) grew to some 10,000 followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of $ 110 million ; when it became clear that government officials , school authorities , and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect ; when ex-members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges ( mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men ) ; and when the sect began to use secluded compounds , state and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously .	business case : if we offered dean 55 k or 60 k it would still constitute a over a $ 10,000 increase ( approximately 25 % ) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level .	we will be targeting to raise at least $ 100,000 so company contributions will range from $ 10,000 - $ 20,000 per person ( $ 10 k minimum per person ) depending on the number of respondents .	in the third week i had more than $ 10,000.00 and it 's still growing !!	we just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000 / d at meter # 1552 qe - 1 @ $ 4.355 .... can you let me and robert lloyd know what the sitara # is ?
bazar	the boat was heading toward cox 's bazar in bangladesh .	the route from kalikhola in bhutan to cox 's bazar passes through northern bengal , assam and meghalaya , and on into chittagong .
twante	until 1995 the ltte maintained a base at twante , an island off the coat of myanmar , west of the andaman islands .
sirae	at the time of his arrest , the suspect was allegedly involved in constructing a " submarine " in a shipyard on the island of sirae near phuket on the andaman sea coast .
buildup	steady buildup	rodents require special bedding in their cages to absorb their waste , and this needs to be cleaned regularly , or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine .
conduits	the real threat to the andaman islands is the steady building - up of ports and conduits that serve the tamil tigers and a host of less - strong militant groups .
lawlessness	over the past decade , bangladesh has steadily moved into a state of lawlessness .
extremist	a number of extremist groups , under the cover of the islamist movement , have become active in drug trafficking , gun running and anti-indian activities .	it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups , such as the harkat - ul - jehad - al - islami , in the port city of chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebels from india 's northeast in touch with this terrorist network .	since september 11 , pakistan has been repeatedly accused by afghan and western leaders of harbouring taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections , but at the highest level the us has avoided criticising president pervaiz musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the us catch al qaeda elements inside pakistan .	all three are extremist taliban or their allies and known to be living in pakistan .	( mullah omar is leader of the taliban , usmani is the former corps commander of kandahar under the taliban regime and now a commander of taliban forces while hikmetyar heads the extremist hizb - e - islami . )	us and afghan intelligence will shortly be presenting the isi with a list of taliban extremists and their suspected whereabouts .	it is now abundantly clear that with the rapidly changing face of afghanistan , the demise of key northern alliance figures and the fluid political situation in afghanistan , pakistan should reconsider its policy of giving unlimited sanctuary to taliban extremists living on pakistani soil .	princeton islamist scholar bernard lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad , extremists like zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .	this cute little stunt is only going to prove just how fanatic the extremist muslims are .	because usamah is saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the wahhabi school of islam that predominates among saudia 's some 15 million citizens .	after that point , al - qaeda was a joint enterprise between the egyptian extremists and the polyglot arabs around bin laden , only some of whom were saudi .	they also had a special connection to some extremists in jordan and germany .
anti-indian	a number of extremist groups , under the cover of the islamist movement , have become active in drug trafficking , gun running and anti-indian activities .
nurtured	it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups , such as the harkat - ul - jehad - al - islami , in the port city of chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebels from india 's northeast in touch with this terrorist network .
harkat	it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups , such as the harkat - ul - jehad - al - islami , in the port city of chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebels from india 's northeast in touch with this terrorist network .
jehad	it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups , such as the harkat - ul - jehad - al - islami , in the port city of chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebels from india 's northeast in touch with this terrorist network .
islami	azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by abdul aziz bin muqrin , an al - qaeda operative in saudi arabia on an islamic website ' the voice of jihad ' , in which he stated that " although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in islam , but in this case it is allowed if muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions " .	if al - qaeda can kill musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by islamist junior officers , they can hope to catapult the mma to power as political allies and hosts .	although musharraf did turn against the taliban after september 11 , under extreme duress from the us , elements of his military continued to support radical islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on musharraf himself .	the us chose to ally itself with such groups as the supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq , whose 15,000 - strong badr corps paramilitary was trained by the iranian revolutionary guards .	two years ago , pakistani president pervez musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main islamist alliance -- maulana fazlur rahman -- visited india and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .	many iraqis , including conservative and religious iraqis , are surprisingly rooting for the iraqi communist party , probably in an attempt to counter the influence of islamists in the forthcoming national assembly .	several candidates were assassinated and targeted these last two weeks , others have been forced under threats to withdraw and to follow the example of the islamic party .	on sensing my incredulity to his statement he asserted that ba'athist cells exist in all parts of the country and that they do have a central command , even though many have formed seperate cells ( often under islamic labels ) with their own leaderships .	a number of extremist groups , under the cover of the islamist movement , have become active in drug trafficking , gun running and anti-indian activities .	it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups , such as the harkat - ul - jehad - al - islami , in the port city of chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebels from india 's northeast in touch with this terrorist network .	( mullah omar is leader of the taliban , usmani is the former corps commander of kandahar under the taliban regime and now a commander of taliban forces while hikmetyar heads the extremist hizb - e - islami . )	iran sponsors syrian terrorism , it is certainly behind much of the action in iraq , it is fully funding the hezbollah and , through it , the palestinian hamas and islamic jihad ; it performed acts of terror at least in europe and in south america and probably also in uzbekistan and saudi arabia and it truly leads a multi-national terror consortium , which includes , as minor players , syria , lebanon and certain shiite elements in iraq .	it is important to monitor all donations from the western world to islamic organizations , to monitor the finances of international relief organizations and to react with forceful economic measures to any small sign of financial aid to any of the three circles of terrorism .	zawahiri was associated with a faction of the egyptian islamic jihad known as the vanguards of conquest .	by 1998 , zawahiri had determined that the egyptian islamic jihad should focus on its struggle against the united states and hold off on further attacks against the egyptian regime .	zawahiri was associated with a faction of the egyptian islamic jihad known as the vanguards of conquest .	by 1998 , zawahiri had determined that the egyptian islamic jihad should focus on its struggle against the united states and hold off on further attacks against the egyptian regime .	al qaeda has had anthrax , the raw seed product in its unweaponized form , since at least 1997 , when it was purchased by bin laden through the moro islamic liberation front ( " moro front " or " milf " ) .	sufaat was a member of al qaeda and a member of jemaah islamiah ( " ji " ) .	the former leader of the egyptian al - gamaa al - islamiya ( " islamic group " ) , he was also a spiritual leader of al qaeda .	although while in jail in the early 1980s , zawahiri caused considerable tension by challenging the blind sheik 's ability to lead a coalition of the egyptian islamic jihad and the egyptian islamic group , zawahiri and obl are rahman 's friends .	a may 2001 letter that zawahiri sent to egyptian islamic jihad members abroad establish that zawahiri used " school " as a code word for the egyptian militant islamists in his correspondence .	greendale likely refers to green river valley -- i.e. , cairo 's egyptian islamic jihad or the islamic group .	the sender probably is announcing that he is of either egyptian islamic jihad , egyptian islamic group or jihad - al qaeda , which is actually the full name of the group after the merger of the egyptian islamic jihad and al qaeda .	as to opportunity , though seldom reported , there is a wealth of " open source " information about possible al qaeda or egyptian islamic jihad or egyptian islamic group in the united states and canada .	in the decade of the nineteen - eighties , my father , then vice - president of the united states of america , sought to work with the good offices of the president of the republic of iraq to regain lost oil revenue sources in the neighboring islamic republic of iran .	the recent elections in iraq were dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist shi'ite organizations , principally the dawa party and the supreme council for islamic revolution in iraq ( sciri ) .	he reports that the iraqi islamic party , which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the sunni vote , is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation .	egypt had a role to play as they convinced hamas to end the attacks , although the same can not be said of islamic jihad .	" we 're not happy with hamas 's position at this stage and in light of the israeli escalation against the palestinians , " commented khader habib , a senior islamic jihad official .	islamic jihad has refused to recognized the cease fire , and hopes to turn the gaza strip " into a vast battlefield . "	the iraqi islamic party lead by muhsin abdul hamid , has been among the few sunni muslim groups willing to cooperate ( even if rather lukewarmly ) with the americans .
chittagong	it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups , such as the harkat - ul - jehad - al - islami , in the port city of chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebels from india 's northeast in touch with this terrorist network .	a pattern of arrests and seizures indicate that arms are brought by the ltte from laos , cambodia and thailand into chittagong , from where they are transported northward by land to bhutan .	the route from kalikhola in bhutan to cox 's bazar passes through northern bengal , assam and meghalaya , and on into chittagong .
kalikhola	the route from kalikhola in bhutan to cox 's bazar passes through northern bengal , assam and meghalaya , and on into chittagong .
meghalaya	the route from kalikhola in bhutan to cox 's bazar passes through northern bengal , assam and meghalaya , and on into chittagong .
1,000	the only catch is that you have to have an income above $ 21,000 ...... and ...... you have to follow the easy instructions provided to you .	india 's andaman and nicobar islands comprise more than 500 islands lying 1,000 kilometers east of sri lanka in the bay of bengal .	we save $ 21,000 in real money this way , the cash refund sun is giving enron for our other server , using a box that was n't being used by anyone .	my father re-secured the petroleum assets of kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty - one billion u.s. dollars ( $ 61,000,000,000 ) .	there are only about 850 wolves in the west , but there are an estimated 31,000 mountain lions .	( participants pledged to raise at least $ 100,000 by bundling together cheques of up to $ 1,000 from friends and family .
non-indians	travel to the nicobar islands is forbidden to non-indians , and they are also not allowed in some parts of south andaman island .
eir	ramtanu maitra writes for a number of international journals and is a regular contributor to the washington - based eir and the new delhi - based indian defense review .	i fucking hate this place every time i go this hot chick shows up and i mean really hot but she is like reaaaally dumb and then their is this other chick that is realy ugly but she is like super smart she could be a scientist , but then their is this stoner who always comes here high and he always brings his fucking dog who is so high from the second hand smoke i think he is trying to talk .	their grill dishes are out ta this world and sushi is just fabulous !!!!
aakrosh	he also writes for aakrosh , india 's defense - tied quarterly journal .
karzai	[ karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between india and pakistan in afghanistan .	karzai , musharraf new regional equations	nobody should feel a looser in afghanistan , '' president hamid karzai told pakistan 's english daily the nation .	all the regional countries have publicly backed the karzai government and supported the electoral process , but serious undercurrents remain as they all have their favourite contenders in afghanistan .	that changed on september 22 when president george w. bush , musharraf and karzai held a three way meeting in new york on the sidelines of the un general assembly .	karzai was clearly pleased at the results .	'' president musharraf promised to help us and cooperate with us on curbing terrorist activity by the taliban , '' says karzai .	with president karzai certain to win the elections and the demotion of key former northern alliance figures such as general fahim and warlord ismail khan , there is now little reason for moderate taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former northern alliance figures if they return home .	karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between india and pakistan in afghanistan .	karzai categorically said that he has assured musharraf repeatedly that any adverse action against pakistan taken by indian diplomats inside afghanistan would be acted upon swiftly .	in a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of karzai , iran , russia and india which have traditionally backed the tajik dominated former northern alliance made strenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate younis qanooni to strike a deal with karzai before the elections and not to oppose karzai .	qanooni refused to accept the iranian advice as his fellow panjsheri tajiks urged him to stand against karzai .	with the us military presence posing a threat on their borders in both iraq and afghanistan , iran 's moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise karzai so that the us presence in afghanistan is reduced .	iranian officials say they made no objections to khan 's ouster because they want to strengthen karzai 's campaign against warlords .	nevertheless this places karzai in a difficult and sensitive situation because he has to maintain excellent relations with both the us and iran .	so far what they have done together has been good for us and that 's how we would like to keep it '' , says karzai .	nobody can claim that the interference of afghanistan 's neighbours is over , but the elections will do much to strengthen karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours ' interference .	many taliban living in afghanistan voted for president karzai .
accuses	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .	the complaint , filed with the united states department of housing and urban development , accuses hano of violating a 2003 enforcement agreement entered into between former st. thomas housing development residents , the city of new orleans , hano , and the u.s. department of housing and urban development during the hope vi redevelopment of st. thomas , now known as river garden .
consulates	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .
kandahar	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .	pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 raw agents based in kandahar and another 12 in jalalabad .	( mullah omar is leader of the taliban , usmani is the former corps commander of kandahar under the taliban regime and now a commander of taliban forces while hikmetyar heads the extremist hizb - e - islami . )	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .	pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 raw agents based in kandahar and another 12 in jalalabad .	the lesion is further evidence of al qaeda 's anthrax production program at kandahar .
jalalabad	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .	pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 raw agents based in kandahar and another 12 in jalalabad .	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .	pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 raw agents based in kandahar and another 12 in jalalabad .
balochi	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .
balochistan	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .
undermining	" there have no business being there unless they are undermining pakistan , '' says a pakistani official .	the neighbours are still interfering , but there are signs that rather than undermining afghanistan 's stability they may now be trying to strengthen it .	" there have no business being there unless they are undermining pakistan , '' says a pakistani official .
''	" there have no business being there unless they are undermining pakistan , '' says a pakistani official .	'' should pakistan show us any evidence of an indian hand using afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , " says amrullah saleh the head of afghanistan 's national security directorate . ]	nobody should feel a looser in afghanistan , '' president hamid karzai told pakistan 's english daily the nation .	'' where are mullah omar , mullah usmani and gulbuddin hikmetar ? ''	'' it was the first time that bush totally focused on the taliban threat rather than al qaeda with the pakistanis , '' says a western diplomat .	'' bush was very well briefed before the meeting , '' the diplomat said .	an afghan official at the meeting added , '' the americans now realise that the taliban are a bigger threat to our security than al qaeda . ''	'' president musharraf promised to help us and cooperate with us on curbing terrorist activity by the taliban , '' says karzai .	'' pakistan now has a large force deployed in baluchistan which was not there before , '' says lt. general david barno .	'' there is much better tactical cooperation between our forces on both sides of the border , but the movement of taliban still goes on both ways , '' he adds .	" there have no business being there unless they are undermining pakistan , '' says a pakistani official .	'' should pakistan show us any evidence of an indian hand using afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , " says amrullah saleh the head of afghanistan 's national security directorate .	'' we have a very small number of forces in shindand with a few helicopters , '' says barno .	'' afghanistan has had the benefit of cooperation from both the us and iran .	so far what they have done together has been good for us and that 's how we would like to keep it '' , says karzai .	( '' we have three generations of martyrs : grandmothers , mothers , daughters . '' )	though '' decided '' is probably not the right word , since from the day they were born , these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .	'' every morning and night , the kids , beginning as young as 1 and 2 , had to stand before a poster of massoud and maryam , salute them and shout praises to them , '' nadereh afshari , a former mujahedeen deep - believer , told me .	the rajavis , afshari went on to say , '' saw these kids as the next generation 's soldiers .	they wanted to brainwash them and control them . ''	the wall street journal reported that a computer used by zawahiri contains a june 1999 memo that " said the program should seek cover and talent in educational institutions , which it said were ' more beneficial to us and allow easy access to specialists , which will greatly benefit us in the first stage , god willing . ' ''	" we had to take action . ''	" all hell broke loose . ''	" if not removed immediately , the ( iso ) price cap will sow confusion in the market , threaten reliability and stifle new investment in generating capacity , '' read one letter written by duke energy vice president william hall iii .	" in retrospect , we should have told them , '' robinson said .	" the iso staff sat in a meeting with the governor 's key energy advisers with poker faces , not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact same moment , '' maviglio said .	" we believe the action we took addressed a severe concern , '' robinson said .	" terry did this by himself , '' said smutney - jones , executive director of the independent energy producers .	" they filed an emergency motion , and we were not about to let california go dark , '' hoecker said .	" terry said he made that filing in the interest of californians , but i find that argument has no basis in fact . ''
amrullah	'' should pakistan show us any evidence of an indian hand using afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , " says amrullah saleh the head of afghanistan 's national security directorate . ]	'' should pakistan show us any evidence of an indian hand using afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , " says amrullah saleh the head of afghanistan 's national security directorate .
saleh	'' should pakistan show us any evidence of an indian hand using afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , " says amrullah saleh the head of afghanistan 's national security directorate . ]	'' should pakistan show us any evidence of an indian hand using afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , " says amrullah saleh the head of afghanistan 's national security directorate .
landlocked	for the past 25 years landlocked afghanistan has suffered from constant interference from its neighbours - pakistan , iran and the central asian republics - and regional powers - russia and india .
reassurance	" the elections should be a reassurance to all our neighbours that a stable afghanistan , a peaceful afghanistan is good for all .
looser	nobody should feel a looser in afghanistan , '' president hamid karzai told pakistan 's english daily the nation .
undercurrents	all the regional countries have publicly backed the karzai government and supported the electoral process , but serious undercurrents remain as they all have their favourite contenders in afghanistan .
harbouring	since september 11 , pakistan has been repeatedly accused by afghan and western leaders of harbouring taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections , but at the highest level the us has avoided criticising president pervaiz musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the us catch al qaeda elements inside pakistan .
extremists	since september 11 , pakistan has been repeatedly accused by afghan and western leaders of harbouring taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections , but at the highest level the us has avoided criticising president pervaiz musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the us catch al qaeda elements inside pakistan .	us and afghan intelligence will shortly be presenting the isi with a list of taliban extremists and their suspected whereabouts .	it is now abundantly clear that with the rapidly changing face of afghanistan , the demise of key northern alliance figures and the fluid political situation in afghanistan , pakistan should reconsider its policy of giving unlimited sanctuary to taliban extremists living on pakistani soil .	princeton islamist scholar bernard lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad , extremists like zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .	after that point , al - qaeda was a joint enterprise between the egyptian extremists and the polyglot arabs around bin laden , only some of whom were saudi .	they also had a special connection to some extremists in jordan and germany .
criticising	since september 11 , pakistan has been repeatedly accused by afghan and western leaders of harbouring taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections , but at the highest level the us has avoided criticising president pervaiz musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the us catch al qaeda elements inside pakistan .
sidelines	that changed on september 22 when president george w. bush , musharraf and karzai held a three way meeting in new york on the sidelines of the un general assembly .
non-interference	the meeting was pushed together by the cia and the us defence department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged pakistani backed taliban .
mullah	'' where are mullah omar , mullah usmani and gulbuddin hikmetar ? ''	( mullah omar is leader of the taliban , usmani is the former corps commander of kandahar under the taliban regime and now a commander of taliban forces while hikmetyar heads the extremist hizb - e - islami . )
usmani	'' where are mullah omar , mullah usmani and gulbuddin hikmetar ? ''	( mullah omar is leader of the taliban , usmani is the former corps commander of kandahar under the taliban regime and now a commander of taliban forces while hikmetyar heads the extremist hizb - e - islami . )
gulbuddin	'' where are mullah omar , mullah usmani and gulbuddin hikmetar ? ''
hikmetar	'' where are mullah omar , mullah usmani and gulbuddin hikmetar ? ''
flustered	bush is reported to have asked a flustered musharraf .
hikmetyar	( mullah omar is leader of the taliban , usmani is the former corps commander of kandahar under the taliban regime and now a commander of taliban forces while hikmetyar heads the extremist hizb - e - islami . )
hizb	although israel withdrew from lebanese territory in may 2000 , the radical lebanese shiite party , hizbullah , has not been mollified .	it is inevitable that most iraqi shiites will side with their hizbullah coreligionists against israel , and it seems likely that iraqi shiites will get rich enough from iraqi petroleum sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll lebanese shiite radicals .	( mullah omar is leader of the taliban , usmani is the former corps commander of kandahar under the taliban regime and now a commander of taliban forces while hikmetyar heads the extremist hizb - e - islami . )
briefed	'' bush was very well briefed before the meeting , '' the diplomat said .
curbing	'' president musharraf promised to help us and cooperate with us on curbing terrorist activity by the taliban , '' says karzai .
categorically	the next day an angry musharraf categorically said that pakistan would not send pakistani troops to iraq , a clear snub to the americans .	karzai categorically said that he has assured musharraf repeatedly that any adverse action against pakistan taken by indian diplomats inside afghanistan would be acted upon swiftly .
snub	the next day an angry musharraf categorically said that pakistan would not send pakistani troops to iraq , a clear snub to the americans .
unconnected	however pakistani officials insist that the decision was unconnected to the tripartite meeting .	an intrusion into japanese territorial waters by a chinese nuclear submarine last week and a trade deal with brazil are the latest apparently unconnected consequences of china 's soaring economic growth .
tripartite	however pakistani officials insist that the decision was unconnected to the tripartite meeting .	kayani is well known and liked in kabul as during the last year he led the pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the afghan and us military on issues related to border issues .
persuading	us and nato military officers in kabul say it is too early to say whether bush 's tough message was instrumental in persuading musharraf and the isi to pressure the taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections .
disrupting	us and nato military officers in kabul say it is too early to say whether bush 's tough message was instrumental in persuading musharraf and the isi to pressure the taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections .
crackdown	however there were visible signs of a crackdown on the pakistan side .
lt.	'' pakistan now has a large force deployed in baluchistan which was not there before , '' says lt. general david barno .	afghan officials welcomed the appointment on october 3 of lt. general ashfaq kiyani as the new isi chief .	now that sibley is not a candidate for lt. governor , there is more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questions .
barno	'' pakistan now has a large force deployed in baluchistan which was not there before , '' says lt. general david barno .	however general barno insists the us presence poses no threat to iran .	'' we have a very small number of forces in shindand with a few helicopters , '' says barno .
chaman	also several days before the elections pakistan closed the border crossing point at chaman in baluchistan which is a key entry point for the taliban into afghanistan .	in a highly significant move afghan pashtun tribes along the pakistan border warned the taliban in quetta and chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections , they would be resisted .
pashtun	however us military officers say regular army officers - many of them pashtun - leading units of the frontier corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the taliban and the mullahs of the jui .	in the post election scenario it is becoming abundantly clear that the taliban do not have the support of the afghan people nor the afghan pashtuns .	in a highly significant move afghan pashtun tribes along the pakistan border warned the taliban in quetta and chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections , they would be resisted .
mullahs	however us military officers say regular army officers - many of them pashtun - leading units of the frontier corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the taliban and the mullahs of the jui .
jui	however us military officers say regular army officers - many of them pashtun - leading units of the frontier corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the taliban and the mullahs of the jui .
waziristan	at the same time the us remains oblivious of the serious problems and political fallout which the army is facing in its operations in waziristan .
anti-americanism	not only is the army facing serious political fallout , growing anti-americanism and anti-army feeling in the tribal areas but it is also taking heavy casualties - between 400 - 500 pakistani soldiers have been killed in the region since march .
anti-army	not only is the army facing serious political fallout , growing anti-americanism and anti-army feeling in the tribal areas but it is also taking heavy casualties - between 400 - 500 pakistani soldiers have been killed in the region since march .
actionable	musharraf has always maintained that the us has never provided actionable intelligence about taliban leaders hiding in baluchistan .
demotion	with president karzai certain to win the elections and the demotion of key former northern alliance figures such as general fahim and warlord ismail khan , there is now little reason for moderate taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former northern alliance figures if they return home .	they know that the american advent implies for them a demotion , and an elevation of the shiites and kurds , and they refuse to go quietly .
fahim	with president karzai certain to win the elections and the demotion of key former northern alliance figures such as general fahim and warlord ismail khan , there is now little reason for moderate taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former northern alliance figures if they return home .	nabeel hussain , 21 , waltham forest lest you be confused with the suspects from an earlier plot foiled in canada a few months ago : fahim ahmad , 21 , toronto ;
reprisals	with president karzai certain to win the elections and the demotion of key former northern alliance figures such as general fahim and warlord ismail khan , there is now little reason for moderate taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former northern alliance figures if they return home .
ashfaq	afghan officials welcomed the appointment on october 3 of lt. general ashfaq kiyani as the new isi chief .
kiyani	afghan officials welcomed the appointment on october 3 of lt. general ashfaq kiyani as the new isi chief .
kayani	kayani is well known and liked in kabul as during the last year he led the pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the afghan and us military on issues related to border issues .	waseem kayani , 28 , high wycombe
tajik	in a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of karzai , iran , russia and india which have traditionally backed the tajik dominated former northern alliance made strenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate younis qanooni to strike a deal with karzai before the elections and not to oppose karzai .	qanooni refused to accept the iranian advice as his fellow panjsheri tajiks urged him to stand against karzai .
strenuous	in a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of karzai , iran , russia and india which have traditionally backed the tajik dominated former northern alliance made strenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate younis qanooni to strike a deal with karzai before the elections and not to oppose karzai .
younis	in a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of karzai , iran , russia and india which have traditionally backed the tajik dominated former northern alliance made strenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate younis qanooni to strike a deal with karzai before the elections and not to oppose karzai .
qanooni	in a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of karzai , iran , russia and india which have traditionally backed the tajik dominated former northern alliance made strenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate younis qanooni to strike a deal with karzai before the elections and not to oppose karzai .	iran in particular feared that qanooni would loose and then be politically isolated from the mainstream .	qanooni refused to accept the iranian advice as his fellow panjsheri tajiks urged him to stand against karzai .	however since the elections iranian influence has proved critical in convincing the hazara shia candidate mohammed mohaqeq to accept the results of the elections and later convincing qanooni to do the same .
panjsheri	qanooni refused to accept the iranian advice as his fellow panjsheri tajiks urged him to stand against karzai .
tajiks	qanooni refused to accept the iranian advice as his fellow panjsheri tajiks urged him to stand against karzai .
hazara	however since the elections iranian influence has proved critical in convincing the hazara shia candidate mohammed mohaqeq to accept the results of the elections and later convincing qanooni to do the same .
mohaqeq	however since the elections iranian influence has proved critical in convincing the hazara shia candidate mohammed mohaqeq to accept the results of the elections and later convincing qanooni to do the same .
stabilise	with the us military presence posing a threat on their borders in both iraq and afghanistan , iran 's moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise karzai so that the us presence in afghanistan is reduced .
hardliners	however powerful hardliners in tehran may be trying to undermine that strategy and a new issue is likely to deepen the rift with the moderates .	the enhanced us presence in western afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of ismail khan , the warlord and governor of herat province last month , who was a close ally of iranian hardliners .
deepen	however powerful hardliners in tehran may be trying to undermine that strategy and a new issue is likely to deepen the rift with the moderates .
moderates	however powerful hardliners in tehran may be trying to undermine that strategy and a new issue is likely to deepen the rift with the moderates .	its so - called moderates and conservatives play their own virtuoso version of the " good - cop versus bad - cop " game .
shindand	iranian officials are deeply concerned about the us occupation of shindand , a massive soviet - era airbase just 30 kilometres from iran 's border .	at a time of heightened tensions between tehran and washington over iran 's nuclear weapons program and calls by neo-conservatives in washington that a second bush term should deal with iran aggressively , the iranians fear that shindand could be used as a listening post , spying facility and even a launching pad for any future us actions against iran .	afghan officials say the americans have moved over 100 special forces and helicopters to shindand .	'' we have a very small number of forces in shindand with a few helicopters , '' says barno .
airbase	iranian officials are deeply concerned about the us occupation of shindand , a massive soviet - era airbase just 30 kilometres from iran 's border .
ousting	the enhanced us presence in western afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of ismail khan , the warlord and governor of herat province last month , who was a close ally of iranian hardliners .
herat	the enhanced us presence in western afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of ismail khan , the warlord and governor of herat province last month , who was a close ally of iranian hardliners .
ouster	iranian officials say they made no objections to khan 's ouster because they want to strengthen karzai 's campaign against warlords .
warlords	iranian officials say they made no objections to khan 's ouster because they want to strengthen karzai 's campaign against warlords .
neo-conservatives	at a time of heightened tensions between tehran and washington over iran 's nuclear weapons program and calls by neo-conservatives in washington that a second bush term should deal with iran aggressively , the iranians fear that shindand could be used as a listening post , spying facility and even a launching pad for any future us actions against iran .
iranians	at a time of heightened tensions between tehran and washington over iran 's nuclear weapons program and calls by neo-conservatives in washington that a second bush term should deal with iran aggressively , the iranians fear that shindand could be used as a listening post , spying facility and even a launching pad for any future us actions against iran .	it does seem that iranians frequently make statements and then hide behind lack of proof .
abundantly	in the post election scenario it is becoming abundantly clear that the taliban do not have the support of the afghan people nor the afghan pashtuns .	it is now abundantly clear that with the rapidly changing face of afghanistan , the demise of key northern alliance figures and the fluid political situation in afghanistan , pakistan should reconsider its policy of giving unlimited sanctuary to taliban extremists living on pakistani soil .	you 'll find practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantly .
pashtuns	in the post election scenario it is becoming abundantly clear that the taliban do not have the support of the afghan people nor the afghan pashtuns .
quetta	in a highly significant move afghan pashtun tribes along the pakistan border warned the taliban in quetta and chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections , they would be resisted .	abdel rahman 's son was captured in quetta , pakistan in mid-february 2003 .
reconsider	it is now abundantly clear that with the rapidly changing face of afghanistan , the demise of key northern alliance figures and the fluid political situation in afghanistan , pakistan should reconsider its policy of giving unlimited sanctuary to taliban extremists living on pakistani soil .	now that michelle is in your fold , do you want to reconsider her being the contact person with aaa on this ?	maybe if they see how much time and effort you 've devoted to researching the animal they 'll reconsider .
16/10/2004	pakistan link 16/10/2004
multi-millionnaires	the debate that a handful of texas multi-millionnaires close to the bush family have cleverly manufactured over john kerry 's war record is absurd in every way .
cleverly	the debate that a handful of texas multi-millionnaires close to the bush family have cleverly manufactured over john kerry 's war record is absurd in every way .
vets	the charges that they have put some vets up to making against kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false .	she probably does not even have 10 % of the knowledge that some of the other experienced vets do in this area .	i will be carefully researching vets before i take my dog someplace else .	but i had my cat spayed through their reduced / free spay and neuter program and the vet they sent us to was first of all a hour and a half away , and 4 days later we had to bring them to our normal vet because the vets at the place in wisconsin did a crappy job and they got infections .
contradicting	most of those making the charges have even flip - flopped , contradicting themselves .
eyewitnesses	or they were n't eyewitnesses and are just lying .
absurdity	the true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that george w. bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life .
shrapnel	( and , a piece of shrapnel in the forearm that caused only a minor wound would have killed had it hit an eye and gone into the brain ; the shrapnel being in your body demonstrates you were in mortal danger and did n't absent yourself from it .
addictive	the history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to bush 's character as an addictive personality , but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president .
alarming	the history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to bush 's character as an addictive personality , but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president .
sadistic	bush has a sadistic streak .
doers	his delight in killing people became a campaign issue in 2000 when he seemed , in one debate , to enjoy the prospect of executing wrong - doers a little too much .
pickling	two decades of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances have left bush damaged goods .
abstain	even for those who later abstain , " visual - spatial abilities , abstraction , problem solving , and short - term memory , are the slowest to recover . "	the pioneers was an organization started at the end of the 19th century which pushed and supported the ideal of temperance ( abstaining from alcohol ) , in an attempt to deal with the massive issue of alcoholism that ireland was gripped by .	the supreme court announced its ruling today in hamdan v. rumsfeld divided along idelogical lines with john roberts abstaining due to his involvement at the d.c. circuit level and anthony kennedy joining the liberals in a 5 - 3 decision that is 185 pages long .
slowest	even for those who later abstain , " visual - spatial abilities , abstraction , problem solving , and short - term memory , are the slowest to recover . "
pretzel	that he managed to get on the wagon ( though with that pretzel incident , you wonder how firmly ) is laudable .
laudable	that he managed to get on the wagon ( though with that pretzel incident , you wonder how firmly ) is laudable .
absenting	we all know by now that bush did not even do his full service with the texas air national guard , absenting himself to work on the alabama senate campaign of winton " red " blount .
winton	we all know by now that bush did not even do his full service with the texas air national guard , absenting himself to work on the alabama senate campaign of winton " red " blount .	there is one place in alabama where mr. bush was present nearly every day : the headquarters in montgomery of us senate candidate winton " red " blount .
blount	we all know by now that bush did not even do his full service with the texas air national guard , absenting himself to work on the alabama senate campaign of winton " red " blount .	this little - noted interview with blount 's nephew murph archibald , which appeared on national public radio 's " all things considered on march 30 , 2004 , gives a devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through bush in that period .	there is one place in alabama where mr. bush was present nearly every day : the headquarters in montgomery of us senate candidate winton " red " blount .	president bush has always said that working for blount was the reason he transferred to the alabama air national guard .	groom was republican red blount 's scheduler , and in that job , she was the hub in the campaign wheel .	goodwyn : the candidate mr. bush was working for , red blount , had gotten rich in alabama in the construction business .	blount 's support of the party led him to be appointed richard nixon 's postmaster general .	in washington , blount became friends and tennis partners with mr. bush 's father , then congressman bush .	but throughout alabama , there were republicans and democrats who wanted to help red blount .	. . . murph archibald is red blount 's nephew by marriage , and in 1972 , he was coming off a 15 - month tour in vietnam in the infantry .	mr. murph archibald ( nephew of red blount ) : well , i was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid-evenings .	goodwyn : archibald says that two months before the election , in september of '72 , red blount 's campaign manager came to him and asked that he quietly take over mr. bush 's job because the campaign materials were not getting out to the counties .
slacked	but it is clear that not only did bush slack off on his national guard service , but he slacked off from his campaign work .
murph	this little - noted interview with blount 's nephew murph archibald , which appeared on national public radio 's " all things considered on march 30 , 2004 , gives a devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through bush in that period .	. . . murph archibald is red blount 's nephew by marriage , and in 1972 , he was coming off a 15 - month tour in vietnam in the infantry .	goodwyn : murph archibald says that at first , he did n't know that mr. bush was serving in the air national guard .	they are currently working on a bid ( due 1/31 ) for the medusa project which involves murphy ( operator ) , agip and callon in mississippi canyon blocks # 538 and # 582 .	it is far too early to expect murphy to enter into a physical or financial contract , but tom hopes to get us first and / or last look from murphy when the time is right .	another alternative is to give murphy barrels at their 95,000 bpd meraux , louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrels .
8:00	" all things considered ( 8:00 pm et ) - npr march 30 , 2004 tuesday	i will be on a plane to houston at 8:00 a.m .	when : wednesday , september 19 , 2001 10:30 am - 11:30 am ( gmt - 08:00 ) pacific time ( us & canada ) ; tijuana .	time : 8:00 - 5:00 8:00 - 5:00	time : 8:00 pm eastern standard time	5:00 pt ** 6:00 mt ** 7:00 ct ** 8:00 et	6:30 am - 8:00 pm
scoured	for weeks , reporters scoured alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing mr. bush at the time he was serving in the national guard there .
mr.	for weeks , reporters scoured alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing mr. bush at the time he was serving in the national guard there .	there is one place in alabama where mr. bush was present nearly every day : the headquarters in montgomery of us senate candidate winton " red " blount .	npr 's wade goodwyn has this report about mr. bush 's time on that campaign .	goodwyn : the candidate mr. bush was working for , red blount , had gotten rich in alabama in the construction business .	in washington , blount became friends and tennis partners with mr. bush 's father , then congressman bush .	it was mr. bush 's job to organize the republican county chairpersons in the 67 alabama counties .	groom says this job helped mr. bush understand how even in a statewide senate campaign , politics are local .	archibald says that in a campaign full of dedicated workers , mr. bush was not one of them .	mr. murph archibald ( nephew of red blount ) : well , i was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid-evenings .	goodwyn : archibald says that two months before the election , in september of '72 , red blount 's campaign manager came to him and asked that he quietly take over mr. bush 's job because the campaign materials were not getting out to the counties .	mr. archibald : george certainly did n't seem to have any concerns about my taking over this work with the campaign workers there .	goodwyn : murph archibald says that at first , he did n't know that mr. bush was serving in the air national guard .	after he found out from somebody else , archibald attempted to talk to mr. bush about it .	mr. archibald : george did n't have any interest at all in talking about the military .	goodwyn : far from texas and washington , dc , mr. bush enjoyed his freedom .	archibald says mr. bush would come into the office and , in a friendly way , offer up stories about the drinking he 'd done the night before , kind of as a conversation starter .	mr. archibald : people have different ways of starting the days in any office .	goodwyn : archibald says the frequency with which mr. bush discussed the subject was off - putting to him .	mr. archibald : i mean , at that time , i was 28 ; george would have been 25 or 26 .	goodwyn : according to archibald , mr. bush would also sometimes tell stories about his days at yale in new haven , and how whenever he got pulled over for erratic driving , he was let go after the officers discovered he was the grandson of a connecticut us senator .	mr. archibald : he told us whenever he was stopped , as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of prescott bush , they would let him go .	when the flds under mr. jeffs ( and his father before him ) grew to some 10,000 followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of $ 110 million ; when it became clear that government officials , school authorities , and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect ; when ex-members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges ( mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men ) ; and when the sect began to use secluded compounds , state and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously .	you all remember the iraqi minister of information , mr. mouhamad said al - sahaf and his press conferences when the us forces were already inside baghdad .	mr. sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester , but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time .	thank you for your recent request for mr. lay to speak at your conference .	unfortunately , do to mr. lay 's schedule he will not be able to participate .	i want to check with mr. lay before confirming .	unfortunately , mr. lay will be in san jose , ca participating in a conference , where he is a speaker , on june 14 .	hi mr. katsof -	i believe someone called about this today , but mr. lay asked me to let you know that these dates do n't work for him , either .	hey , mr. computer , you ca n't log an email in to your sister ?!	it incorporates mr. stojic 's and mr. kelly 's initial comments .
goodwyn	npr 's wade goodwyn has this report about mr. bush 's time on that campaign .	goodwyn dutifully notes that baba groom did n't remember george telling drunk stories .
dab	a veteran of india 's military intervention in the jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 indo - sri lanka peace accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable ltte - kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment .	this formidable enemy , which gave the indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s , has been operating in northeastern india and in the andaman sea for a long time .	that he managed to get on the wagon ( though with that pretzel incident , you wonder how firmly ) is laudable .	in 1972 , baba groom was a smart , funny young woman smack - dab in the middle of an exciting us senate campaign .	its understandable recoil from wars , following the horrors of world war ii , may cost thousands of additional innocent lives , before the tide will turn . "	understandably , amerithrax is a confidential investigation .	in this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on enrononline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining .	all arguments that the bush administration would be insane to attack iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth .	i am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird and these are the affordable ones that i like , and i was wondering : which would not bite alot , and which are more fun to have as pets and i need to know which would be quietest i honestly do nt care but my family does !	there are many online sites offering the booking facility with affordable rates .	if you need a cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones .	i found bright star tours and travels and best and affordable tour operators and tours agents in chennai , india offered me student tour india package for very less price .	affordable pricing .	fresh design studio helped jump - start my own business by providing affordable and effective marketing materials : logo , flyers , posters ad design , and more .	marek dzida the owner and photographer puts whole heart in his business - if you are into old fashion ( not digital ) quality photography this is best place in long beach as i think not many folks can do affordable traditional photos anymore i know marek personaly and i will always recommend him	outstanding service & quality at a very affordable price !	this place is top notch and highly affordable !	they are dependable , have great connections in the community , and are a great resource for finding a job .	very affordable ( do n't call it cheap ) and their trimmers were quick and courteous when i got home from work .	rate the routes , with understandable markings and a more detailed system than easy , moderate , and hard .	the affordable rent makes it possible for an inspired chef to serve his high quality fare at affordable prices !	" in the wake of hurricane katrina , affordable housing in new orleans is more scarce than ever .	fast and affordable .	we have used them for plumbing & a / c and they are affordable and get the work done right .
scheduler	groom was republican red blount 's scheduler , and in that job , she was the hub in the campaign wheel .	you know when the meeting with schedulers will be ?
ms.	ms. baba groom ( former campaign worker ) :	ms. walters approached one of the women and said , " this is marvelous .	ms. marquez :	ms. marquez :	both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon , however , were bleeding badly .	both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though mr. parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , dr. fortier said .	we can not wait to go back to santa fe and to this great b&b ... especially my 4 year old , who made friends with ms. sue and all the ladies , and has talked about them since we left !
khaki	he would wear khaki trousers and some old jacket .
melded	but he just melded with everybody .
chairpersons	it was mr. bush 's job to organize the republican county chairpersons in the 67 alabama counties .
texan	it was the young texan 's job to find out what each county leader needed in the way of campaign supplies and get those supplies to them .	because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with brian epstein had left him , he made lyrics such as : " you can wear a collar and a tie , one thing you ca n't hide is when you 're crippled inside " and gave declarations to the " rolling stone " magazine saying that " sometimes he wore texan boots to feel more secure as a man " .
mid-evenings	mr. murph archibald ( nephew of red blount ) : well , i was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid-evenings .
ordinarily	ordinarily , george would come in around noon ; he would ordinarily leave around 5:30 or 6:00 in the evening .
5:30	ordinarily , george would come in around noon ; he would ordinarily leave around 5:30 or 6:00 in the evening .	as you know , our next meeting is on wednesday , july 12 from 3:00 - 5:30 p.m .	tonight , i called several times with no answer ( btwn 5:30 and 6 pm ) and finally drove there to place my order in person .	i explained that i was already on my way and i would rush to get there as soon as i could because i needed my car for work at 5 am , but the guy was arguing with me saying he was gon na lock the doors right at 5:30 .
6:00	ordinarily , george would come in around noon ; he would ordinarily leave around 5:30 or 6:00 in the evening .	michael mcdermott < michael.mcdermott@spectrongroup.com > on 06/01/2000 06:00:56 am	wed. sept. 20 - leave houston around 6:00 pm	5:00 pt ** 6:00 mt ** 7:00 ct ** 8:00 et	4:00 pm - 6:00 pm	we signed our name in about 6:00 pm .	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 3/9/2005 11:16:00 pm	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 11/16/2005 08:36:00 am	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 8/30/2005 09:36:00 pm
broached	in fact , when i broached the subject with him , he simply changed the subject .
chandelier	in fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .
grumble	in fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .
're	they 're going to talk about their kids , they 're going to talk about football , they 're going to talk about the weather .	we 're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political - spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection .	they 're inseparable , " he says .	tronicus , if you 're still checking this thread :	i just get hung up on ' christians ' , as they 're the dominant form where i come from .	these people are dangerous wether they 're head - banging to ' canibal corpse ' or humming along to ' onward christian soldiers ' .	call me if you 're interested .	we 're all set for 2:30 on july 12 .	good to hear from you and i 'm glad you 're available .	they 're currently on their honeymoon but shortly after returning will be moving from buenos aires to miami , florida .	we 're set for 11/01/01 .	i spoke to mark taylor about your signing authority , and he agrees that you do not have the authority to execute documents on your own , but as long as you are only co-signing documents signed by an authorized officer as a control measure we 're ok .	hopefully , if we 're still dating come december , you and chuck can meet him when you come back to visit .	if they 're ok with it , we 'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections .	we 're gearing up for our 2001 / 02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process .	everyone is extremely pleased that you 're joining .	good point , but i 'm comfortable we 're covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points .	we 're formatting one this week , and we 'll send it when it 's done .	we 're in the process of developing a strategy to take us through the next few months .	you 're right , sue .	i spoke to bob bruce this morning - we 're all set on the language in the schedule to the isda , and there is a minor credit / billing issue in paragraph 13 related to the timing of transfer of interest on collateral that val will discuss with ed as well .	they 're holding " workshops " on how it will all work soon .	when you blame it all on society , there 's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up kids who are likley smoking , drinking , doing drugs , fucking the neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they 're doing .	just because you 're stuck , does nt give you the right to drag down all the singles around you .	" they 're just pushing them aside , " he said .	" you 're going to be looking at hundreds dead along the coast , " a state official said .	imagine you 're sitting on top of a mountain , and that it 's the most peaceful place you can think of .	feel that you 're sitting there in complete peace , right on top of the world .	feel you 're completely surrounded by that infinite peace and happiness .	think internally , intuitively , not by words , of the meaning , as you 're repeating it .	feel you 're surrounded by infinite peace and happiness , and feel that your own sense of existence is in direct contact with that endless peace and happiness all around you .	well maybe a miracle could happen , but let s face it we 're ordinary people and so require practical day to day techniques !
gambit	and this was simply his opening gambit ; he would start talking about that he had been out late the night before drinking .	introduces the word gambit .
mid-20s	and i thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations , particularly in the context of something as serious as a us senatorial campaign , by talking about their drinking the night before .
senatorial	and i thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations , particularly in the context of something as serious as a us senatorial campaign , by talking about their drinking the night before .
dutifully	goodwyn dutifully notes that baba groom did n't remember george telling drunk stories .
abiding	and you search in vain to find just one law abiding citizen
200,000	from wednesday 's mirror the headline , " have 200,000 ak47s fallen into the hands of iraq terrorists ? "	some 200,000 guns the us sent to iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists , it was feared yesterday .	amnesty chief spokesman mike blakemore said : " it 's unbelievable that no one can account for 200,000 assault rifles .	maybe i 'm missing something here , but how , exactly , does one ' loose ' 200,000 ak47's ?	not 200,000 guns - the numbers do nt work :	5 kg per gun , 200,000 guns means 1000 tonnes , impossible for 4 containers .	the fact that the us government and media are having a hissy fit over venezuela wanting to buy guns , and then 200,000 of the guns chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to iraq is definitely sus .	unfortunately , our partners from 1991 are not willing to shoulder the burden of this new venture , which in its upcoming phase may cost the sum of 100 billion to 200 billion dollars ( $ 100,000,000,000 - $ 200,000,000,000 ) , both in the initial acquisition and in long - term management .	187 - number of bush - cheney fund - raisers who had earned ranger status ( by raising $ 200,000 each ) as of march 2004 .
ak47s	from wednesday 's mirror the headline , " have 200,000 ak47s fallen into the hands of iraq terrorists ? "	the 99 - tonne cache of ak47s was to have been secretly flown out from a us base in bosnia .
smuggled	some 200,000 guns the us sent to iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists , it was feared yesterday .	when iraq invaded kuwait , many of these girls were transported to jordan and then smuggled to various countries -- germany , france , canada , denmark , england , the united states -- where they were raised by guardians who were usually mujahedeen supporters .
tonne	the 99 - tonne cache of ak47s was to have been secretly flown out from a us base in bosnia .	5 kg per gun , 200,000 guns means 1000 tonnes , impossible for 4 containers .	if the load was 99 tonnes there were probably less than 20,000 .
planeloads	but the four planeloads of arms have vanished .	like the tens of billions of dollars that have been " lost " in iraq , planeloads of arms do n't just " vanish " ; not when the pentagon contracts the work to an international criminal of bout 's untouchable stature .
moldovan	and the moldovan airline used to transport the shipment was blasted by the un in 2003 for smuggling arms to liberia , human rights group amnesty has discovered .	the moldovan airline is aerocom , and yes , it 's one of victor bout 's .	the moldovan airline is aerocom , and yes , it 's one of victor bout 's .
blakemore	amnesty chief spokesman mike blakemore said : " it 's unbelievable that no one can account for 200,000 assault rifles .
siphoned	there are concerns that some may have been siphoned off . "
re-routed	this year a newspaper claimed two uk firms were involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for iraqi forces were re-routed to al - qaeda .
aerocom	the moldovan airline is aerocom , and yes , it 's one of victor bout 's .	the moldovan airline is aerocom , and yes , it 's one of victor bout 's .	the wikipedia entry for aerocom is just a stub .. waiting for someone to put some information into it ....	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aerocom
incompetence	it 's always a bang - your - head - against - the - wall moment , reading again the play the incompetence theory receives , even from some of the administration 's harshest mainstream critics .	they really are milking the incompetence angle though , are n't they ?	the coalition decision to provoke a fight with muqtada al - sadr 's movement only three months before the coalition provisional authority goes out of business has to be seen as a form of gross incompetence in governance .	the washington monthly 's who 's who of neocons in iraq helps explain the extreme incompetence and possibly double - dealing of many in the cpa .	this is either gross incompetence or was done with dark ulterior motives that can scarcely be guessed at .
harshest	it 's always a bang - your - head - against - the - wall moment , reading again the play the incompetence theory receives , even from some of the administration 's harshest mainstream critics .
misdirection	but then , even to talk of an " administration " may be misdirection at this point , given how little representative government means in the united states these days , and how much of " national security " has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns .
privatized	but then , even to talk of an " administration " may be misdirection at this point , given how little representative government means in the united states these days , and how much of " national security " has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns .
gangland	but then , even to talk of an " administration " may be misdirection at this point , given how little representative government means in the united states these days , and how much of " national security " has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns .
untouchable	like the tens of billions of dollars that have been " lost " in iraq , planeloads of arms do n't just " vanish " ; not when the pentagon contracts the work to an international criminal of bout 's untouchable stature .
frothing	but bout 's name is n't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives , before it sinks like so many others beneath the media 's frothing triviality .
triviality	but bout 's name is n't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives , before it sinks like so many others beneath the media 's frothing triviality .
rev.	the rev. gerald robinson appeared stony - faced as the jury 's guilty verdict was read , and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in handcuffs .	rev. bill mcginnis , director http://www.loveallpeople.org and http://www.internetchurchofchrist.org	contact william mcginnis ( rev. bill mcginnis ) 1908 mt vernon ave # 2543 alexandria , va 22301 7037686710 bmc...@patriot.net
sacristy	the crime occurred in the sacristy adjoining the hospital chapel in downtown toledo on the saturday before easter in 1980 .
pahl	investigators said the nun , margaret ann pahl , 71 , was strangled and then stabbed , with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross , a well - recognized satanic symbol .
satanic	investigators said the nun , margaret ann pahl , 71 , was strangled and then stabbed , with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross , a well - recognized satanic symbol .
humiliate	" it was about how he could humiliate her the most , " prosecutor dean mandros said in closing arguments .
mandros	" it was about how he could humiliate her the most , " prosecutor dean mandros said in closing arguments .
tearful	after the sentencing one of robinson 's tearful supporters " turned to claudia vercellotti , a local leader of the survivors network for those abused by priests [ snap ] , who had helped reopen the case , and told her , ' i hope you rot in hell ! ' "
vercellotti	after the sentencing one of robinson 's tearful supporters " turned to claudia vercellotti , a local leader of the survivors network for those abused by priests [ snap ] , who had helped reopen the case , and told her , ' i hope you rot in hell ! ' "
reopen	after the sentencing one of robinson 's tearful supporters " turned to claudia vercellotti , a local leader of the survivors network for those abused by priests [ snap ] , who had helped reopen the case , and told her , ' i hope you rot in hell ! ' "	finally , from an email , a follow - up on the reopening of the investigation into the atlanta child murders :	dekalb county police chief louis graham ... the man who reopened the investigations last year , is mysteriously stepping down .	crowds are at their thinnest , but many of the country 's tourist attractions and services close down in october and do n't reopen until easter , which paradoxically leaves visitors with a more convincing taste of how ireland is experienced by most of the irish : it 's cold , grey and dark by 5 pm , but there 's always a pub to escape into when the rain starts sheeting down .
reopening	finally , from an email , a follow - up on the reopening of the investigation into the atlanta child murders :
dekalb	dekalb county police chief louis graham ... the man who reopened the investigations last year , is mysteriously stepping down .
institutionally	but institutionally ?
polygamy	crackdown on polygamy group
polygamous	small polygamous groups have existed in the southwestern us under the watchful yet fairly benign eye of authorities ever since a sect known as the fundamentalist latter day saints ( flds ) separated itself from mainstream mormonism in 1890 .	now , flds leader warren jeffs has been added to the fbi 's list of " ten most wanted fugitives , " a move that caps law enforcement 's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years ... [ because of ] the impact that the group 's practices , law enforcement officials say , are having on the most vulnerable within the sect , particularly children and women .	an editorial in the church - owned deseret morning news in salt lake city earlier this year acknowledged that " the state 's history , a conservative belief in free choice , and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet 's nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid - glove approach lawmakers and law - enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities . "	i read of a case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law .
watchful	small polygamous groups have existed in the southwestern us under the watchful yet fairly benign eye of authorities ever since a sect known as the fundamentalist latter day saints ( flds ) separated itself from mainstream mormonism in 1890 .
flds	small polygamous groups have existed in the southwestern us under the watchful yet fairly benign eye of authorities ever since a sect known as the fundamentalist latter day saints ( flds ) separated itself from mainstream mormonism in 1890 .	now , flds leader warren jeffs has been added to the fbi 's list of " ten most wanted fugitives , " a move that caps law enforcement 's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years ... [ because of ] the impact that the group 's practices , law enforcement officials say , are having on the most vulnerable within the sect , particularly children and women .	when the flds under mr. jeffs ( and his father before him ) grew to some 10,000 followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of $ 110 million ; when it became clear that government officials , school authorities , and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect ; when ex-members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges ( mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men ) ; and when the sect began to use secluded compounds , state and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously .
mormonism	small polygamous groups have existed in the southwestern us under the watchful yet fairly benign eye of authorities ever since a sect known as the fundamentalist latter day saints ( flds ) separated itself from mainstream mormonism in 1890 .
jeffs	now , flds leader warren jeffs has been added to the fbi 's list of " ten most wanted fugitives , " a move that caps law enforcement 's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years ... [ because of ] the impact that the group 's practices , law enforcement officials say , are having on the most vulnerable within the sect , particularly children and women .	when the flds under mr. jeffs ( and his father before him ) grew to some 10,000 followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of $ 110 million ; when it became clear that government officials , school authorities , and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect ; when ex-members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges ( mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men ) ; and when the sect began to use secluded compounds , state and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously .	specifically , jeffs is charged in utah and arizona with sexual assault of underage girls and with arranging " spiritual " marriages for girls and older men .	at weekend press conferences in salt lake city and phoenix , fbi and state officials said jeffs " is considered armed and dangerous and may be traveling with armed bodyguards . "	as with christian identity and other hate - related philosophies tied to the aryan nations and the neo-nazi creativity movement , jeffs has preached racism as well .	" the black race is the people through which the devil has always been able to bring evil unto the earth , " jeffs has said as cited by the southern poverty law center 's " intelligence report . "	in the warren jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new husband .
fugitives	now , flds leader warren jeffs has been added to the fbi 's list of " ten most wanted fugitives , " a move that caps law enforcement 's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years ... [ because of ] the impact that the group 's practices , law enforcement officials say , are having on the most vulnerable within the sect , particularly children and women .
intertwined	when the flds under mr. jeffs ( and his father before him ) grew to some 10,000 followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of $ 110 million ; when it became clear that government officials , school authorities , and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect ; when ex-members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges ( mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men ) ; and when the sect began to use secluded compounds , state and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously .
ex-members	when the flds under mr. jeffs ( and his father before him ) grew to some 10,000 followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of $ 110 million ; when it became clear that government officials , school authorities , and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect ; when ex-members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges ( mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men ) ; and when the sect began to use secluded compounds , state and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously .	feb 2005 is the projected release date , although guild wars is made by ex-members of blizzard , so feb 2005 could mean august 2006 ...
underage	when the flds under mr. jeffs ( and his father before him ) grew to some 10,000 followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of $ 110 million ; when it became clear that government officials , school authorities , and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect ; when ex-members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges ( mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men ) ; and when the sect began to use secluded compounds , state and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously .	specifically , jeffs is charged in utah and arizona with sexual assault of underage girls and with arranging " spiritual " marriages for girls and older men .
philosophies	as with christian identity and other hate - related philosophies tied to the aryan nations and the neo-nazi creativity movement , jeffs has preached racism as well .
neo-nazi	as with christian identity and other hate - related philosophies tied to the aryan nations and the neo-nazi creativity movement , jeffs has preached racism as well .
deseret	an editorial in the church - owned deseret morning news in salt lake city earlier this year acknowledged that " the state 's history , a conservative belief in free choice , and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet 's nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid - glove approach lawmakers and law - enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities . "
unwillingness	an editorial in the church - owned deseret morning news in salt lake city earlier this year acknowledged that " the state 's history , a conservative belief in free choice , and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet 's nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid - glove approach lawmakers and law - enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities . "	when the fence was first installed i would have given them five stars , now for their poor customer follow - up and unwillingness to fix the fence they have dropped to a one - star in my opinion !
lawmakers	an editorial in the church - owned deseret morning news in salt lake city earlier this year acknowledged that " the state 's history , a conservative belief in free choice , and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet 's nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid - glove approach lawmakers and law - enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities . "
http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0509/p02s01-ussc.html?s=t5	http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0509/p02s01-ussc.html?s=t5
ak47's	maybe i 'm missing something here , but how , exactly , does one ' loose ' 200,000 ak47's ?
?!?!?	" there 's no tracking mechanism in place " ?!?!?	is there no other verizon to go to around downtown / dupont circle 1?!?!?
squirelled	funny how some things are squirelled away by well - meaning prosecutors ...
abusers	maybe because they hint at a larger conspiracy / network of abusers / satanic underground ?
obeying	i read of a case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law .
it's	of course law enforcement has dragged it's feet when members are taking part in the activity themselves .	as i have told rnr , i think we should advise duke in writing that its ip is not in conformity with the contract , since it is in the alternative , and that our ip is hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators ( since duke clearly can not change it's ineffective ip at this stage , having already seen ours ) .	it looks like nasa is ready to sour again after it's devastating loss from the columbia accident which occurred nearly two years ago .	although there are no human vocals / lyrics , i think it's subject matter is audible .	as the epithet of the government of satan on that nation , the center of london , the so well - known piccadilly circus , takes it's name from an old brothel ( the " piccadilla house " which means " the house of sin " ) , disappeared nowadays .	a quick cure would be arm & hammer to it's head .	i 'm quite sure , you do n't even have to buy another , all you need to do , is to pour some oil on the wheel , or even put some rubber on it's edges , the part that is making the noise .	mahmoud zahar , hamas 's leader declared the cease fire after israel killed it's former leader , muhammed sheikh khalil .	we have a date for the release of ragnarok online 2 ( beta anyway ) september 16 - 18 , this was announced by gravity ceo kim jung - ryool on either 16th or 17th of july and as i do n't want to take someone 's credit's i got it here ^^ gamespot	google is probably making this move to counter microsoft search using encarta ( it's online dictionary ) .	but it looks like google is n't opening it's mouth about the reason behind the offer as linux news reports :	although these new rockets are probably more expensive , they will be able to go at a much greater range than it's shuttle cousins , as they can not only break free from the atmosphere but reach the moon as well .	the new rocket design will differ slightly from it's predecessors , in the fact that the crew and cargo would launch separately from two different rockets each and join up in space later on .
invovled	personally i do n't give a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse invovled .
enfurates	it is the marrying off of young girls to older men often close relatives that enfurates me .
cults	also these cults have multimillions yet the women and kids live in poverty so the leaders can live the high life .
multimillions	also these cults have multimillions yet the women and kids live in poverty so the leaders can live the high life .
reassigns	in the warren jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new husband .
displeases	in the warren jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new husband .
retardation	a rare form of retardation is showing up in that group more than anywhere else in the world .
intermarrying	the doctor begs them to stop intermarrying but they say they have to keep the blood pure .
fumarase	look up fumarase deficiency for more info .
unconcious	one member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from ' marriage ' to her father 's own brother .
evaporate	then the war might stop & all those juicy profits would just evaporate .
awash	what 's a few dead soldiers in comparison to keeping all those defense contractors awash in all that tax cash ?
milking	they really are milking the incompetence angle though , are n't they ?
whoopsie	just another big iraq whoopsie daisy , huh ?
gullible	christ , you 'd think america would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots .	i suppose that it 's damn lucky for the gop that she is populated with gullible idiots .
gop	i suppose that it 's damn lucky for the gop that she is populated with gullible idiots .	the invasion of iraq provided marvelous political cover for the gop not only during those midterms , but during the 2004 presidential election .	the abramoff scandal threatens to subsume all the hard - fought gop gains in congress , and the 2006 midterms are less than a year away .
outsourcing	us outsourcing special ops , intelligence to iraq terror group , intelligence officials say	http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/us_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html
bypassing	the pentagon is bypassing official us intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...
unruly	the pentagon is bypassing official us intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...
http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/us_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html	http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/us_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html
mek	and mek -- the iranian ( not iraqi ) terror group in question -- is itself unquestionably a cult :
unquestionably	and mek -- the iranian ( not iraqi ) terror group in question -- is itself unquestionably a cult :
boast	unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously colin powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the indians made conciliatory gestures toward islamabad .	as the leaders like to boast , the mujahedeen is a family affair .	the name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search - engine would be able to search .	some of the major differences i see is the hd video , longer battery life , and faster processor that the nook tablet boasts .	the new centre has 4 studios planned and now boasts the largest single dance floor area in kingston upon hull .
mujahedeen	as the leaders like to boast , the mujahedeen is a family affair .	most of the girls i was meeting had grown up in mujahedeen schools in ashraf , where they lived separated from their parents .	when iraq invaded kuwait , many of these girls were transported to jordan and then smuggled to various countries -- germany , france , canada , denmark , england , the united states -- where they were raised by guardians who were usually mujahedeen supporters .	when they were 18 or 19 , many of them decided to come back to iraq and fill the ranks of the youngest mujahedeen generation .	'' every morning and night , the kids , beginning as young as 1 and 2 , had to stand before a poster of massoud and maryam , salute them and shout praises to them , '' nadereh afshari , a former mujahedeen deep - believer , told me .	afshari , who was posted in germany and was responsible for receiving mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the german government tried to absorb mujahedeen children into their education system , the mujahedeen refused .	many of the children were sent to mujahedeen schools , particularly in france .
grandmothers	( '' we have three generations of martyrs : grandmothers , mothers , daughters . '' )
ashraf	most of the girls i was meeting had grown up in mujahedeen schools in ashraf , where they lived separated from their parents .
massoud	'' every morning and night , the kids , beginning as young as 1 and 2 , had to stand before a poster of massoud and maryam , salute them and shout praises to them , '' nadereh afshari , a former mujahedeen deep - believer , told me .	which may explain the pattern to their stories : a journey to self - empowerment and the enlightenment of self - sacrifice inspired by the light and wisdom of maryam and massoud .
maryam	'' every morning and night , the kids , beginning as young as 1 and 2 , had to stand before a poster of massoud and maryam , salute them and shout praises to them , '' nadereh afshari , a former mujahedeen deep - believer , told me .	which may explain the pattern to their stories : a journey to self - empowerment and the enlightenment of self - sacrifice inspired by the light and wisdom of maryam and massoud .
nadereh	'' every morning and night , the kids , beginning as young as 1 and 2 , had to stand before a poster of massoud and maryam , salute them and shout praises to them , '' nadereh afshari , a former mujahedeen deep - believer , told me .
afshari	'' every morning and night , the kids , beginning as young as 1 and 2 , had to stand before a poster of massoud and maryam , salute them and shout praises to them , '' nadereh afshari , a former mujahedeen deep - believer , told me .	afshari , who was posted in germany and was responsible for receiving mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the german government tried to absorb mujahedeen children into their education system , the mujahedeen refused .	the rajavis , afshari went on to say , '' saw these kids as the next generation 's soldiers .
rajavis	the rajavis , afshari went on to say , '' saw these kids as the next generation 's soldiers .
brainwash	they wanted to brainwash them and control them . ''	they were death metal brainwashed fans , literally fulfilling the death metal paradigm , er ... morality .	i think the jury 's still out on exactly who did the brainwashing when in regard to the columbine killers .	finally , we find the third circle of so - called religious , educational and welfare organizations , which actually do some good , feed the hungry and provide some schooling , but brainwash a new generation with hatred , lies and ignorance .
sploid.com	sploid.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction : http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php
http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php	sploid.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction : http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php
blogshares	jimmy plant , blogshares is a fantasy blogosphere trading game with pretend money .
blogosphere	jimmy plant , blogshares is a fantasy blogosphere trading game with pretend money .
http://www.laweekly.com/general/features/satan-loves-you/13454/	http://www.laweekly.com/general/features/satan-loves-you/13454/
strippers	" another generation of heavy metal has taken over , and -- sorry -- it ai n't just about strippers and dope .	okay , it 's partly about strippers and dope .
dope	" another generation of heavy metal has taken over , and -- sorry -- it ai n't just about strippers and dope .	okay , it 's partly about strippers and dope .
evolves	but more and more , as metal evolves into a huge international music that belongs to everyone , it has gotten to be something weirder .	i look at some of these other comments & laugh because people think that the world revolves around them !
weirder	but more and more , as metal evolves into a huge international music that belongs to everyone , it has gotten to be something weirder .
righteousness	praise be : given the void in responsible behavior among governments , police , educational establishments and religions , the task of guiding our youth down the path of righteousness has fallen to ... satan "
hmmmmmm	hmmmmmm ....................	i agree , hmmmmmm .
....................	hmmmmmm ....................	for those who believe ....................	mixed tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad .
stub	the wikipedia entry for aerocom is just a stub .. waiting for someone to put some information into it ....
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aerocom	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aerocom
:)	you know , nature hates a void . :)	" i am , therefore i think " :)	i 'm wary of jumping into this fray without backup , that 's for damn sure . :)	that said , the maintenance of this forum is handled by google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play :) .	ok that is fairly basic :) .	if in dongle you mean usb stick then yes usb sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question .	they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if u r holding them to tight :)	i 'm currently 12 and i get about 20 dollars a week for lunch , sometimes a bit more , i plan to save 10 dollars every week :)	be happy you get a bit , many of us never got nothing :)	i want to go all over :) i do n't have a set route yet .	it 's so much fun over there , and i 'm positive that you 'll love it ! :)	any programs that you use please list :) thx	but best is obviously photoshop cs5 or if you r on a macbook there s aperture :)	my favorite part is going up hill and cantering :)	if you go , make sure you order the crab fries , you wo n't regret it :)	that 's good . :)	i 'd be happy if someone helps , especially someone who has been to fujairah or lives there . :)	it s really good and the rat calculater says is big enough for 5 rats , but i would put a maximum of 4 in it really :)	my bday is saturday :) and i wan na have breakfast / lunch with my fam .	i 'm assuming this was in reference to the january earthquake , do n't worry , it was very deep , so nothing was effected :)	hope i helped :)	i just wan na make sure :) thank !	best answer shall receive points :)	put him in dog obedience school or call a professional dog trainer . :)	generally they 're not clawing and biting , they do n't make nearly as much mess , they do n't need nearly as much litterbox scooping , etc :)	thanks :)	in time though she / he will adjust . :)	and no , i do not work for them . :)	thank you :)	i went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .	i can see how you get confused though . :)	thank you for reading if you did ! :)
tees	what about manson 's tees bearing the message , " kill your parents " .	it 's hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar appropriations , debt forgiveness , and loan guarantees to countries like egypt and israel and now even pakistan .	those currently listed as invitees are puct commissioners and ercot 's sam jones and tom noel .	31 - number of bush administration appointees who are alumni of the energy industry ( includes four cabinet secretaries , the six most powerful white house officials , and more than 20 other high - level appointees ) .	79 - number of bush 's initial 189 appointees who also served in his father 's administration .	being an american guarantees you no favours when it come to going to canada .	i have stayed in this hotel many times , and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck , its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local , not so pleasant hood .
columbine	and were the columbine killers acting out this " real morality " when they indescriminately murdered their classmates .	i think the jury 's still out on exactly who did the brainwashing when in regard to the columbine killers .
indescriminately	and were the columbine killers acting out this " real morality " when they indescriminately murdered their classmates .
brainwashed	they were death metal brainwashed fans , literally fulfilling the death metal paradigm , er ... morality .
phoney	( not church morality , no that is phoney , love thy neighbor ... hell no , kill thy neighbor - now that is real morality ????? )
?????	( not church morality , no that is phoney , love thy neighbor ... hell no , kill thy neighbor - now that is real morality ????? )	who cares ??????	monday's starting next week at 4 ???????????????	is it a gud option for casual / formal functions photography ?????	what is that ?????	it s prettty much the same $$$ , please advice !?????!!!!	boy trouble ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
hmmmm	so , hmmmm indeed .
lisp	i detect the hissing lisp of the lying serpent in this article .
deathly	the deathly inversion of truth , ala satanism .	average food and deathly slow service
satanism	the deathly inversion of truth , ala satanism .	one man 's relentless search for his missing son led him to uncover one of the most shocking crimes in post-war italy - a tale of satanism and violence that has gripped the country for more than a year .	fabio and his friends were into the most extreme forms of heavy metal music - death metal and black metal , music obsessed with images of murder and satanism - and the role of this music is central to the story .	no one can contradict me when i say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked	during this search , michele tollis became convinced that satanism had something to do with his son 's disappearance .	" no one can contradict me when i say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked .	... the most extreme forms of heavy metal music - death metal and black metal , music obsessed with images of murder and satanism - and the role of this music is central to the story .
brainwashing	i think the jury 's still out on exactly who did the brainwashing when in regard to the columbine killers .
couter-cultural	perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the ' church - morality ' crowd , which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor , but does n't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation .
hypocrisy	perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the ' church - morality ' crowd , which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor , but does n't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation .	if anyone wants the complete article , email me , as it is a very good article which no meat - eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy .
satanists	the last i checked , the satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self - proclaimed ( though false ) christians .
unexplored	we 're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political - spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection .
socio-political	we 're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political - spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection .
introspection	we 're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political - spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection .
coogan	the kevin coogan publication posted on the previous thread might serve as a good launching point for further discussion .	the following quote is from that coogan article :
gloomy	imaginary evil is romantic and varied ; real evil is gloomy , monotonous , barren , boring .
monotonous	imaginary evil is romantic and varied ; real evil is gloomy , monotonous , barren , boring .
intoxicating	imaginary good is boring ; real good is always new , marvelous , intoxicating .
weil	- simone weil	also , as i mentioned to you , we have faxed your mark - up to melanie gray at weil gotschal in houston to keep her informed .
starroute	starroute :
appartently	here is a thought : when the appartently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .
cognitively	here is a thought : when the appartently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .	when the apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .
senseless	here is a thought : when the appartently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .	when the apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .
incompetent	here is a thought : when the appartently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .	when the apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .
ulterior	here is a thought : when the appartently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .	when the apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .	the neocons in the cpa have all sorts of ulterior motives and social experiments they want to impose on the iraqi people , including polish - style economic shock therapy , some sort of sweetheart deal for israel , and maybe even breaking the country up into three parts .	sept. 11 commission member philip zelikow , who is close to the bush administration , admitted on sept. 10 , 2002 , that the ulterior motive of the bush administration for the iraq war was to " protect israel , " according to the asian times .	this is either gross incompetence or was done with dark ulterior motives that can scarcely be guessed at .
befuddled	they trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt " .	they trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt . "
wilt	they trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt " .	they trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt . "
http://youtube.com/watch?v=d46_ctqdmi4	http://youtube.com/watch?v=d46_ctqdmi4
tidbit	since the article was specifically about " death metal " i guess the author missed this little tidbit or we just have waaaaaaaaaaaaay different definitions of morality :
waaaaaaaaaaaaay	since the article was specifically about " death metal " i guess the author missed this little tidbit or we just have waaaaaaaaaaaaay different definitions of morality :
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/this_world/4446342.stm	http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/this_world/4446342.stm
tollis	in january 1998 fabio tollis and chiara marino , both just 16 , disappeared .	michele tollis , fabio 's father , began to attend metal concerts and festivals across europe , handing out leaflets and quizzing fabio 's friends .	michele tollis	during this search , michele tollis became convinced that satanism had something to do with his son 's disappearance .
chiara	in january 1998 fabio tollis and chiara marino , both just 16 , disappeared .	it emerged that chiara , the girl who disappeared with fabio , had a collection of satanic literature and paraphernalia in her bedroom .
quizzing	michele tollis , fabio 's father , began to attend metal concerts and festivals across europe , handing out leaflets and quizzing fabio 's friends .
paraphernalia	it emerged that chiara , the girl who disappeared with fabio , had a collection of satanic literature and paraphernalia in her bedroom .
inseparable	they 're inseparable , " he says .
freaky	the freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?
bozos	the freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?
smartwolf	and for ' smartwolf ' above , think about the inversion principle being employed .
gwb	do you really think gwb , and neocons in general are representative of true followers of jesus of nazareth ?
neocons	ironically , among the strongest proponents of war in iraq were israeli prime minister ariel sharon and his neoconservative supporters in the us .	do you really think gwb , and neocons in general are representative of true followers of jesus of nazareth ?
phonies	( i know , ignorant question ) then why call them , or any other phonies ' christians ' , even if they themselves claim the appellation .
appellation	( i know , ignorant question ) then why call them , or any other phonies ' christians ' , even if they themselves claim the appellation .
imposters	they are merely imposters .
subterfuge	they want to be identified as ' christians ' , and i fully suspect that for some of them , the motivation behind their subterfuge is more than mere political advantage , and has a lot more to do with the black magician 's practice of the inversion principle .	there is no subterfuge in you .
futurism	almost all of the avant guard art movements of the early 20th century ( except for italian futurism ) were labeled ' degenerate ' by the national socialists .
degenerate	almost all of the avant guard art movements of the early 20th century ( except for italian futurism ) were labeled ' degenerate ' by the national socialists .	adolf hitler even held an exhibition of ' degenerate art ' in 1937 , while curating a parallel show of ' aryan ' art across the street .	ironically ( or perhaps not ) , the notion of the ' degenerate ' and ' degenerate art ' was appropriated by the nazis and its origins can be traced back to jewish ' intellectual ' max nordau and a 1892 book he authored called degeneration . .
curating	adolf hitler even held an exhibition of ' degenerate art ' in 1937 , while curating a parallel show of ' aryan ' art across the street .
expressionist	the german expressionist movement was destroyed as a result .
entartete	here 's a quick overview of the entartete kunst ( degenerate art ) exhibit of 1937 :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/degenerate_art	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/degenerate_art
nordau	ironically ( or perhaps not ) , the notion of the ' degenerate ' and ' degenerate art ' was appropriated by the nazis and its origins can be traced back to jewish ' intellectual ' max nordau and a 1892 book he authored called degeneration . .	nordau was also the co founder of the world zionist organization .
degeneration	ironically ( or perhaps not ) , the notion of the ' degenerate ' and ' degenerate art ' was appropriated by the nazis and its origins can be traced back to jewish ' intellectual ' max nordau and a 1892 book he authored called degeneration . .
adherent	are the adherent of ' crowleyan thelema ' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '
crowleyan	are the adherent of ' crowleyan thelema ' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '	for example , is the system of crowleyan thelema a failed alchemical process ?
thelema	are the adherent of ' crowleyan thelema ' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '	for example , is the system of crowleyan thelema a failed alchemical process ?
ilk	they really are milking the incompetence angle though , are n't they ?	are the adherent of ' crowleyan thelema ' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '	yo mama `s so fat , all the restaurants in town have signs that say : " maximum occupancy : 240 patrons or yo mama " yo mama `s so fat , when she ran away , they had to use all four sides of the milk carton .	john lennon 's divorce followed , as well as his entering the world of black magic , as deeply as to buy the apartment . where the " rosemary 's baby " had been filmed , previous property of roman polansky , and in that same apartment john lennon had a room upholstered with black silk where he used to do his black magic operations .	add only silk plants as plastic ones may tear up ur betta s delicate fins .	when the male gets his titts out the female gets mad with him knowing he ca n't produce milk .	i have over 40 corns , kings , and milks and have never had a problem with the uth system .	what would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female ?	i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?	a sussex crossed with silkie would make a crossbred * mutt * chicken .	there are a lot of genetics at play between a sussex and silkie , so the offspring would vary in appearance .	you do n't say what color silkie or sussex you are dealing with so i ca n't say what color your chicks would be likely to be .	silkies have hookless feathers .	skin color : silkies have black skin color , which is dominate .	skin will be darker but lighter then the silkies .	beards / muffs : if your silkie has a beard / muff the offspring could have a beard as well , as these genes are incomplete dominate .	comb type : silkies have walnut combs which is actually genetically two comb types ( rose and pea ) single is also there , but is recessive .	five toes : silkies have five toes .	silkie crosses are great birds , and very neat looking .	hens make excellent mothers as they are bigger , can see better , and are smarter the silkies .	you can tell when your king snake is about to shed , because its eyes will get milky looking .	crickets , silk worms , phoenix worms , and various feeder roaches , like red - lobster , turkistan , and dubia , are good example of staple insects to offer your bearded .	no amount of sugar and milk can mask it .	i ordered a kid meal with a milk and found a bottle was half opened already .	they sell feed and milk bottles at the front and i recommend you buy lots .	not only am i being bilked for money i do not owe , the office staff is rude to boot .	heh , yep , i like to wear silk chemises , panties even stockings with garter belt .	there nothing wrong with men dressing in lingerie , when i get home at night the first thing i do is change into a nice silky nightgown or nightie , love the feel .
appropriating	are the adherent of ' crowleyan thelema ' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '
appropriators	are the adherent of ' crowleyan thelema ' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '	the committee voted to give nasa $ 16.4 billion in 2005 , about $ 200 million more than what the president requested and over $ 1 billion more than what house appropriators approved in july . "
redirect	are the adherent of ' crowleyan thelema ' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '	everland resort : http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2
reappropriation	does this reappropriation lead to or originate from the same place ?
babalon	seems as if there is a clear distinction being made between the ' imaginary ' whore of babalon and the actually whore of babylon , which is this global system .
conundrum	this is where the socio - political aspect of this conundrum comes into play .
undecided	my point is that these are all just questions and i am undecided as to the answers .	or are you undecided ?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_balance	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_balance
http://www.guardian.co.uk/obituaries/story/0,3604,1371372,00.html	http://www.guardian.co.uk/obituaries/story/0,3604,1371372,00.html
shamanism	he blended belief systems such as shamanism , christianity , buddhism , paganism , hermeticism and gnosticism and imbued coil 's vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners .
paganism	he blended belief systems such as shamanism , christianity , buddhism , paganism , hermeticism and gnosticism and imbued coil 's vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners .
hermeticism	he blended belief systems such as shamanism , christianity , buddhism , paganism , hermeticism and gnosticism and imbued coil 's vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners .
gnosticism	he blended belief systems such as shamanism , christianity , buddhism , paganism , hermeticism and gnosticism and imbued coil 's vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners .
imbued	he blended belief systems such as shamanism , christianity , buddhism , paganism , hermeticism and gnosticism and imbued coil 's vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners .
magickal	he blended belief systems such as shamanism , christianity , buddhism , paganism , hermeticism and gnosticism and imbued coil 's vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners .
functionally	he blended belief systems such as shamanism , christianity , buddhism , paganism , hermeticism and gnosticism and imbued coil 's vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners .
transcendent	he blended belief systems such as shamanism , christianity , buddhism , paganism , hermeticism and gnosticism and imbued coil 's vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners .
20,000	if the load was 99 tonnes there were probably less than 20,000 .	it was for sale in a couple of galleries in sf and was about $ 20,000 .	we would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in schedule b of the poa agreement .	we will be targeting to raise at least $ 100,000 so company contributions will range from $ 10,000 - $ 20,000 per person ( $ 10 k minimum per person ) depending on the number of respondents .	amid worsening conditions , officials plan to evacuate a new orleans stadium where up to 20,000 people took shelter .	they include 120,000 iranian revolutionary guards trained for land and naval asymmetrical warfare .	the missile 's manufacturers state that one or two missiles could cripple a destroyer , and five missiles could sink a 20,000 ton ship .	chahine said her immediate family spent about $ 20,000 to return to detroit via syria and jordan .
e@tg	e@tg :
formulate	maybe if you formulate your questions a little more specifically it will help you in acquiring the answers .
mormons	lo and behold , the mormons were there with a booth .
spiel	i was amazed at the spiel they delivered .
purportedly	has anyone read the letter purportedly from ahmadinejad to george bush ?
ahmadinejad	has anyone read the letter purportedly from ahmadinejad to george bush ?
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?id=4503	http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?id=4503
succintly	but succintly making point after succint point , the text of the letter stands on its own merit , regardless .
succint	but succintly making point after succint point , the text of the letter stands on its own merit , regardless .
vs.	as i read the letter , i considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it , vs. that of the mind of the man who once said " bring it on ! "	i listed all of our ( sometimes mine vs. my wife 's favorites and priorities ) .	preseason game a : saturday , may 12 @ 7:30 pm vs. miami sol	preseason game b : thursday , may 24 @ 7:30 pm vs. detroit shock	game 1 : monday , may 28 @ 2:00 pm vs. los angeles sparks	game 3 : monday , june 11 @ 7:00 pm vs. los angeles sparks	game 4 : thursday , june 14 @ 7:30 pm vs. portland fire	game 5 : sunday , june 17 @ 1:00 pm vs. utah starzz	game 6 : tuesday , june 19 @ 7:30 pm vs. washington mystics	game 7 : saturday , june 23 @ 3:00 pm vs. sacramento monarchs	game 8 : monday , july 2 @ 7:30 pm vs. portland fire	game 9 : friday , july 6 @ 7:30 pm vs. indiana fever	game 10 : sunday , july 8 @ 1:00 pm vs. cleveland rockers	game 11 : tuesday , july 24 @ 7:30 pm vs. utah starzz	game 12 : saturday , july 28 @ 12:30 pm vs. new york liberty	game 13 : monday , july 30 @ 7:30 pm vs. seattle storm	game 14 : friday , august 3 @ 7:30 pm vs. orlando miracle	game 15 : monday , august 6 @ 7:00 pm vs. phoenix mercury	game 16 : monday , august 13 @ 7:30 pm vs. minnesota lynx
farce	of the metal music farce , ministry has definately made in - road into ' loose change " - " alex jones " territory with their new record , rio grande blood .	one week after that declaration , only one week later , brian epstein , forger of the beatle farce , died from an overdose .	the advertising farce of how much he loved linda ( woman whose quality he did not deserve ) , was exposed when it was known that paul had an affair with heather mills , linda 's intimate friend , with whom mccartney went on a trip to new york and to whom he bought things and presents , while he was still mourning for his " dear linda " .
definately	of the metal music farce , ministry has definately made in - road into ' loose change " - " alex jones " territory with their new record , rio grande blood .	you can definately plan on a great meal with reasonable prices .	however , the bartenders / waitresses definately need to be re-trained ( if they ever had any to begin with ) and learn two things : only chat with customers when other customers are not impatiently waiting and to look around more often to see if people are waiting .	encino has been blessed by the opening of this smoke shop most definately .
kos	important kos diary about bush 's response to the gathering storm of scandals :	to prevent animal cruelty , many countries forbid halal and kosher meat .
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2006/5/12/232746/857	http://www.dailykos.com/story/2006/5/12/232746/857
accumulating	they have been accumulating for years , and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it .
sieze	they have been accumulating for years , and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it .
==	== why did bush revoke executive order 13011 today ?	===================================================	====================================================	====================================================	====================================================	====================================================	====================================================	---->===}*{===<----	---->===}*{===<----	full name of the father is : " nguyen thanh luan " ===> full name of the son / daughter certainly is " nguyen .......... " , for instance , " nguyen thi thuy lan " .	==============================================================================	==============================================================================	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	-----== over 100,000 newsgroups - 19 different servers ! =-----
revoke	== why did bush revoke executive order 13011 today ?
13011	== why did bush revoke executive order 13011 today ?	executive order : amendments to executive orders 11030 , 13279 , 13339 , 13381 , and 13389 , and *** revocation *** of executive order 13011 ....
exmearden	by exmearden
fri	two hundred members of the batawi clan of the dulaim demonstrated in baghdad on friday , protesting the killing of their clan elder , shaikh kadhim sarhid and 4 of his sons , by gunmen wearing iraqi army uniforms .	al - zaman : the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .	gore released a statement friday taking bush to task for his comments on pakistan 's recent coup .	from friday 's daily star	friday , june 04 , 2004	family visits were allowed on thursday nights and fridays .	fri may 12 , 2006 at 08:27:46 pm pdt	at the darunta complex where jihadis trained , recruits would wear green uniforms , except for friday when they were washed .	beth has made our reservations for the round table friday night ( 5/18 ) at sullivan 's steak house for 6:30 .	beth has made our reservations for the round table friday night ( 5/18 ) at sullivan 's steak house for 6:30 .	martin 's box is working wonderfully - i 'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by friday .	this friday - michael goes for a visit at st. francis , which may be his new school ( so far , so good ) .	most fridays i 'm going to try to pick michael up since i 'm away so much , which means leaving by 445 or so .	friday is a bad day ( performance review committee all day ) .	can we get together friday morning july 7 at 800 am at your office ?	i shall spend an entire day at prc ( performance review ) on friday , july 7 .	how about a pre-meeting web site cruise on friday , july 7 at 11 am edt ?	how about a pre-meeting web site cruise on friday , july 7 at 11 am edt ?	i am doing dirt work and hope to plant st augustine grass by friday before rain .	michael and myself are planing to be in hoston on thursday and friday of this week .	fri. sept. 22 - stay in same hotel , visit monaco , nice ?	fri. sept. 29 - paris ( giverny - monet 's gardens - 3 / 4 day side trip )	i left you a voice mail on friday .	this is just to let you know that emma gave birth at week 34 on friday , 6th july , to our triplets :	let s try before fri , as i am planning to take that day off	i propose we have a conference call with bob fagan on fri july 20 at 1:00 pm calgary time to discuss any areas of concern / confusion you may have .	i 'm glad they want to follow - up with steve ( i 've been pushing it ) and i 've got some follow - up as well based on chats i had in the afternoon on friday with folks post-call .	fyi , we had an instructive rest of the conference call on friday with sue and robbie et al .	also , can you confirm the correct names , email addresses , titles for those new folks on friday 's call : robbie rossi , michelle , melissa lloyd ?	thane is in austin on friday , but is available by phone .	thane is in an ercot prs meeting friday from 9:30 until 3:00 .	i am available after rick 's friday budget meeting ... are you available then ?
08:27:46	fri may 12 , 2006 at 08:27:46 pm pdt
pdt	fri may 12 , 2006 at 08:27:46 pm pdt	posted : 25 oct 2004 18:32 pdt	answered by : googlenut - ga on 25 oct 2004 19:14 pdt	from : saem_aero - ga on 26 oct 2004 18:11 pdt	subject : re : nasa is a waste ! from : jaqamofino - ga on 26 apr 2005 06:02 pdt
whitehouse.gov	in scanning the whitehouse.gov site today , i noticed the following executive order :	george walker bush switchboard : 202.456.1414 comments : 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461 e-mail : presid...@whitehouse.gov
11030	executive order : amendments to executive orders 11030 , 13279 , 13339 , 13381 , and 13389 , and *** revocation *** of executive order 13011 ....
13279	executive order : amendments to executive orders 11030 , 13279 , 13339 , 13381 , and 13389 , and *** revocation *** of executive order 13011 ....
13339	executive order : amendments to executive orders 11030 , 13279 , 13339 , 13381 , and 13389 , and *** revocation *** of executive order 13011 ....
13381	executive order : amendments to executive orders 11030 , 13279 , 13339 , 13381 , and 13389 , and *** revocation *** of executive order 13011 ....
13389	executive order : amendments to executive orders 11030 , 13279 , 13339 , 13381 , and 13389 , and *** revocation *** of executive order 13011 ....
revocation	executive order : amendments to executive orders 11030 , 13279 , 13339 , 13381 , and 13389 , and *** revocation *** of executive order 13011 ....
troublefunk	i 'm a regular poster but for some reason blogger wo n't let me in today ... but sign me troublefunk .
tronicus	tronicus :	tronicus , if you 're still checking this thread :
permeate	simply , the questions permeate the entire ' western ( mystery ) tradition ' and perhaps ' eastern ' as well , as they relate to the confluence of politics and spirituality .
alchemical	for example , is the system of crowleyan thelema a failed alchemical process ?	or was it supposed to initially be a process of alchemical appropriation ?
appropriation	does this reappropriation lead to or originate from the same place ?	or was it supposed to initially be a process of alchemical appropriation ?	zawahiri likely targeted senators daschle and leahy to receive anthrax letters , in addition to various media outlets , because of the appropriations made pursuant to the " leahy law " to military and security forces .	according to a post she made on the internet , aafia siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with us appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of wtc 1993 plotter ramzi yousef from pakistan .	it 's hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar appropriations , debt forgiveness , and loan guarantees to countries like egypt and israel and now even pakistan .	those appropriations pale in comparison to the many tens of billions in appropriations relating to the invasion of iraq .
invoking	similarly , is invoking ancient egyptian gods and goddesses a reaffirmation of an oppressive and hierarchical system ?
goddesses	similarly , is invoking ancient egyptian gods and goddesses a reaffirmation of an oppressive and hierarchical system ?
reaffirmation	similarly , is invoking ancient egyptian gods and goddesses a reaffirmation of an oppressive and hierarchical system ?
compartmentalize	in my opinion , people can no longer afford to partition out and compartmentalize personal spiritual and political systems .
weirdness	the ' high weirdness ' and more hardcore political ' factions ' must perhaps integrate and arrive at a synthesis .
vacuous	in regards to death metal , the problem is , once again , a question of education , history and the vacuous lack of perspective in american culture .
censor	shall we censor the works of poet charles baudelaire as well ?	should the statue of david be censored ?	i 'm a sophomore in high school doing a presentation on italian arts and my teacher is making us censor the statue of david .	my argument is it 's art and therefore should not be censored he 's making us censor it who 's right	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	-----= posted via newsfeeds.com , uncensored usenet news =-----
baudelaire	shall we censor the works of poet charles baudelaire as well ?	baudelaire was perhaps one of the first ' death metal ' artists .
over-generalizations	a bit of a knee - jerk reaction from me there , and i apologize for my over-generalizations .
literalist	my real problem is with literalist fundamentalists , of any religion .
pyrimidal	also , i 'm quite clear on the fact that those in power now ( and , in general , most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure ) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the masses .
motivations	also , i 'm quite clear on the fact that those in power now ( and , in general , most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure ) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the masses .
boggles	it boggles the mind that anyone can take at face value bush 's claims to be a christian , yet many seem to do just that .
hackles	i do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old ' rock - n - roll made them do it ' argument .
whie	whie i do n't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior ( which i think is patently rediculous ) , it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on .
subscribe	whie i do n't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior ( which i think is patently rediculous ) , it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on .	you have received this bbc breaking news alert because you subscribed to it or , someone forwarded it to you .	to unsubscribe ( or subscribe if this message was forwarded to you ) go to : http://www.bbc.co.uk/email
patently	whie i do n't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior ( which i think is patently rediculous ) , it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on .
rediculous	whie i do n't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior ( which i think is patently rediculous ) , it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on .	my hair is uneven and it looks rediculous .	the staff and the principal are rediculous , they do n't listen to any input , and they make up rediculous rules ( they banned backpacks , because a teacher tripped over a student 's ) .
sub-cultures	sub-cultures ( as the lable implies ) do not develope in a vacuum .
lable	sub-cultures ( as the lable implies ) do not develope in a vacuum .	according to senior counter terrorism officials , both here and abroad , among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it .	according to senior counter terrorism officials , both here and abroad , among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it .	( spores must be no bigger than 5 microns to be inhalable . )	we are aiming to have the programme printed next week , so i would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak at this year 's congress .	is there 1 available ?	good to hear from you and i 'm glad you 're available .	i shall be available on both days .	i am going to find out how much line we currently have available ... you probably already have this .	an update will be e-mailed , as soon as one is available .	because a number of the declarations and signature pages are not yet available electronically , they have not been included with this note .?	additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and i will make them available to all of you - just let me know how many copies you need .	the necessary report functionality should be available within the as400 , however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical vba / excel reports outside of the as400 but using as400 data downloads .	we will be making the wyndham rooms available to members of the disco forum on july 20 .	thane is in austin on friday , but is available by phone .	i am available after rick 's friday budget meeting ... are you available then ?	publications are available on request .	i have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 that has become available in your department .	i have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 that has become available in your department .	this is to advise you that we have available , for your business or personal use , stan 's four ( 4 ) wnba comets tickets .	* proposes a two - stage open season for firm transportation services beginning in 2003 , with end users receiving a first option on available capacity . *	what : copies of the filed complaint will be made available at that time .	ucan 's executive director and the attorney team will be available to answer questions about the complaint .	in george orwell 's influential novel " 1984 " doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as " war is peace " .	never before has such a convenient method been available for consuming nutritional products .	there are a couple of packages available through the supporters of the comp.sources.unix archives .	sign - up lists will be available at the services on feb. 27 and march 6 , or you can email me .	the hope was that anyone looking for the aunt would see the family post and know that help was available .	in the meantime make sure she had plenty of water available to her .	if you still do n't enjoy the kittens , see what other opportunities are available .	everybody i know at university intends to stay at uni for as long as possible until there are actually jobs available .	uvb and basking temp ( should be about 110 f for a baby , 95 f for an adult ) should be available for 10 - 12 hours a day .
develope	while the indian army has become rock - solid in the western front , and has developed the capability of withstanding any pakistani adventure in that sector , it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector , where its enemy is not a national army but a multitude of secessionist , terrorist and drug - running militants operating between southeast asia and northeastern india through bangladesh .	it is old news that the tamil tigers have developed a strong network within south africa .	sub-cultures ( as the lable implies ) do not develope in a vacuum .	and all of this is happening in a region , which only 30 years ago , was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world , and in a moslem area , which developed , at some point in history , one of the most advanced cultures in the world .	the senior it developer for merchanting has resigned and been sent on gardening leave .	the implementation for sap for the merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on obsf for it merchanting developers .	sara , here are the trader guidelines i developed for uk gas , uk power and nordic power .	the company has developed an entirely new category of products .	the company has developed a unique and innovative delivery mechanism for nutritional products .	usually this happens because the developer of the site can no longer afford the cost of bandwidth being used .	a spanish refugee , antonio perez , visited england in 1593 and became acquainted with francis & anthony bacon , with whom for a time he seems to have been on terms of intimacy , which did not last very long , for the spaniard developed so much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in court circles .	0 - number of new drugs or vaccines against " priority pathogens " listed by the centres for disease control that have been developed and introduced since 11 september 2001 .	several years ago i developed a short paper and pencil screening test which , in a small pilot study , discriminated between adhd , ld , and control subjects .	u.s. astronauts will launch to the moon on sleek , single , shuttle booster rockets and the first new upper - stage rocket this country has developed in more than a decade , nasa and the pentagon have told the white house .
egos	again , i think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos , and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly .
metaphors	again , i think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos , and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly .
literaly	again , i think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos , and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly .
wether	these people are dangerous wether they 're head - banging to ' canibal corpse ' or humming along to ' onward christian soldiers ' .	i 'll send it as soon as you resond wether i should or not .
canibal	these people are dangerous wether they 're head - banging to ' canibal corpse ' or humming along to ' onward christian soldiers ' .
militarism	( the mixing of religion and militarism is a whole other topic .... )
adhear	i have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence , forgiveness , and charity , but it 's important to remember that christians ( or ' smartwolves ' ) do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle .
non-violence	i have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence , forgiveness , and charity , but it 's important to remember that christians ( or ' smartwolves ' ) do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle .
smartwolves	i have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence , forgiveness , and charity , but it 's important to remember that christians ( or ' smartwolves ' ) do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle .
hissy	the fact that the us government and media are having a hissy fit over venezuela wanting to buy guns , and then 200,000 of the guns chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to iraq is definitely sus .
sus	japan 's special envoy , yasushi akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to colombo and kilinochchi in early november a frustrated man .	i suspect the streets of baghdad will look as if a war is looming this week .	his case threatens the consensus fiction of the " war on terror . "	at the time of his arrest , the suspect was allegedly involved in constructing a " submarine " in a shipyard on the island of sirae near phuket on the andaman sea coast .	us and afghan intelligence will shortly be presenting the isi with a list of taliban extremists and their suspected whereabouts .	do you really think gwb , and neocons in general are representative of true followers of jesus of nazareth ?	they want to be identified as ' christians ' , and i fully suspect that for some of them , the motivation behind their subterfuge is more than mere political advantage , and has a lot more to do with the black magician 's practice of the inversion principle .	the fact that the us government and media are having a hissy fit over venezuela wanting to buy guns , and then 200,000 of the guns chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to iraq is definitely sus .	its so - called moderates and conservatives play their own virtuoso version of the " good - cop versus bad - cop " game .	the reports say she is suspected of having been a member of al qaeda 's " chemical wire group . "	there is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to ami , the publisher of the national enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to jennifer lopez enclosing a star of david and proposing marriage .	the public information mostly relates to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large and are being sought .	the suspicion was founded on many false premises , and there was no reliable publicly known evidence indicating his guilt .	given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion , it is only fair that the fbi leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that dr. hatfill has now been dropped as a suspect if and when that proves to be the case .	jesus said that what you do the least of the people you do to him .	his one - day mission vaulted his communist homeland into the elite circle of spacefaring nations - russia and the united states - that can launch and sustain humans in space .	" i 'm pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations , " however , he cautioned .	i suspect it will not change greatly ... but you never know how much stock people put in the news .	in some way i had excited the suspicion of lopez , the secretary .	we are more popular than jesus and pope " ....	antichrist john lennon followed the devil 's strategy writing lyrics such as " god is a concept by which we measure our pain ... i do n't believe in jesus , etc. , etc. , " ( god ) and " and no religions too ... " ( imagine ) .	antichrist john lennon wanted to compete with jesus christ , and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of christ together with yoko ono at the amsterdam hilton hotel proclaiming " peace " , being then when he was visited by the canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of " the ballad of john and yoko " : " the way things are going , they 're going to crucify me ... " , the curse of god upon john lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made lennon give the interview to the " rolling stone " magazine ( today condensed in the " lennon remembers " book ) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming " whatever is up there " for it ( referring to god ) .	" the bush administration is preparing its nato allies for a possible military strike against suspected nuclear sites in iran in the new year , according to german media reports , reinforcing similar earlier suggestions in the turkish media , " reported upi on december 30th .	compounding this is the well - based suspicion that syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the persian gulf .	if iran and syria - with their significant armaments , missile technologies and suspected chemical weapons capabilities - decide to engage with the relatively undersized us force in iraq , our troops there will be fish in a barrel .	iran is suspected by many nations of working towards the development of nuclear weapons , but even this justification has been tossed into a cocked hat .	2.5 - number of hours after rumsfeld learnt that osama bin laden was a suspect in the 11 september attacks that he brought up reasons to " hit " iraq .	35 - number of countries to which the united states suspended military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving americans immunity from prosecution before the international criminal court .	680 - number of suspected al - qa'ida members that the united states admits are detained at guantanamo bay , cuba .	70 m - estimated number of americans who describe themselves as evangelicals who accept jesus christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the bible as the direct word of god .	but word of advice if you 're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure it s a good brand a not something like dell , acer , asus , emachines etc .	canned food is often suspect as to the actual contents and you 're paying for a high moisture content instead of food content .
enroute	i guess those guns will be located enroute to venezuela or found in storage there by one of the us 's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two .
stooges	i guess those guns will be located enroute to venezuela or found in storage there by one of the us 's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two .
pretext	i guess those guns will be located enroute to venezuela or found in storage there by one of the us 's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two .
keck	thanks again to my friend nick keck for passing this along via e-mail .
multi-nation	it is the text of a speech given by an arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large multi-nation corporation .	talk delivered by haim harari at a meeting of the international advisory board of a large multi-national corporation , april , 2004 :	iran sponsors syrian terrorism , it is certainly behind much of the action in iraq , it is fully funding the hezbollah and , through it , the palestinian hamas and islamic jihad ; it performed acts of terror at least in europe and in south america and probably also in uzbekistan and saudi arabia and it truly leads a multi-national terror consortium , which includes , as minor players , syria , lebanon and certain shiite elements in iraq .
worthwhile	it 's a long but very worthwhile read .	" it may be a difficult political issue but i do n't think the energy content is worthwhile . "	the service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy , but the wait is worthwhile .
haim	talk delivered by haim harari at a meeting of the international advisory board of a large multi-national corporation , april , 2004 :
harari	talk delivered by haim harari at a meeting of the international advisory board of a large multi-national corporation , april , 2004 :
multi-national	talk delivered by haim harari at a meeting of the international advisory board of a large multi-national corporation , april , 2004 :	iran sponsors syrian terrorism , it is certainly behind much of the action in iraq , it is fully funding the hezbollah and , through it , the palestinian hamas and islamic jihad ; it performed acts of terror at least in europe and in south america and probably also in uzbekistan and saudi arabia and it truly leads a multi-national terror consortium , which includes , as minor players , syria , lebanon and certain shiite elements in iraq .
proverbial	you may regard my views as those of the proverbial taxi driver , which you are supposed to question , when you visit a country .
moslem	i refer to the entire area between pakistan and morocco , which is predominantly arab , predominantly moslem , but includes many non-arab and also significant non-moslem minorities .	the mass murder happening right now in sudan , where the arab moslem regime is massacring its black christian citizens , has nothing to do with israel .	the root of the trouble is that this entire moslem region is totally dysfunctional , by any standard of the word , and would have been so even if israel had joined the arab league and an independent palestine had existed for 100 years .	and all of this is happening in a region , which only 30 years ago , was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world , and in a moslem area , which developed , at some point in history , one of the most advanced cultures in the world .	a word about the millions of decent , honest , good people who are either devout moslems or are not very religious but grew up in moslem families : they are double victims of an outside world , which now develops islamophobia , and of their own environment which breaks their heart by being totally dysfunctional .	the problem is that the vast silent majority of these moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement , but they also do not stand up against it .	more people die from aids in one day in africa than all the russians who died in the hands of chechnya - based moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started .	no moslem preacher has ever blown himself up .	but millions of moslems are told by their leaders that this is the case .	it is also that circle that leads the way in blaming everybody outside the moslem world , for the miseries of the region .	the outer circle is largely financed by saudi arabia , but also by donations from certain moslem communities in the united states and europe and , to a smaller extent , by donations of european governments to various ngo's and by certain united nations organizations , whose goals may be noble , but they are infested and exploited by agents of the outer circle .	iran is encircled by afghanistan , by the gulf states , iraq and the moslem republics of the former soviet union .
non-arab	i refer to the entire area between pakistan and morocco , which is predominantly arab , predominantly moslem , but includes many non-arab and also significant non-moslem minorities .
non-moslem	i refer to the entire area between pakistan and morocco , which is predominantly arab , predominantly moslem , but includes many non-arab and also significant non-moslem minorities .
upheaval	because israel and any problems related to it , in spite of what you might read or hear in the world media , is not the central issue , and has never been the central issue in the upheaval in the region .	the events of the last few years have amplified four issues , which have always existed , but have never been as rampant as in the present upheaval in the region .
massacring	the mass murder happening right now in sudan , where the arab moslem regime is massacring its black christian citizens , has nothing to do with israel .
algerians	the frequent reports from algeria about the murders of hundreds of civilians in one village or another by other algerians have nothing to do with israel .
endanger	saddam hussein did not invade kuwait , endanger saudi arabia and butcher his own people because of israel .	wolf reintroduction in the northern rockies has been so successful the fish and wildlife service has moved to reduce the animal 's status from endangered to threatened and , eventually , to remove it from the endangered species list altogether .	0 - number of endangered species voluntarily added by the bush administration since taking office .	270 - estimated number of court decisions citing federal negligence in endangered - species protection that remained unheeded during the first year of the bush administration .	100 - number of us chemical plants where a terrorist act could endanger the lives of more than one million people .
60's	egypt did not use poison gas against yemen in the 60's because of israel .	my wife and i , in our 60's at the time , originally planned a 3 generation trip but some family emergencies caused everyone else to cancel .	i am a music junkie that grew up in the 80's , and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960's .
assad	assad the father did not kill tens of thousands of his own citizens in one week in el hamma in syria because of israel .	assad sarwar , 25 , high wycombe
hamma	assad the father did not kill tens of thousands of his own citizens in one week in el hamma in syria because of israel .
dysfunctional	the root of the trouble is that this entire moslem region is totally dysfunctional , by any standard of the word , and would have been so even if israel had joined the arab league and an independent palestine had existed for 100 years .	a word about the millions of decent , honest , good people who are either devout moslems or are not very religious but grew up in moslem families : they are double victims of an outside world , which now develops islamophobia , and of their own environment which breaks their heart by being totally dysfunctional .	huge amounts of money , which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the world , are channeled into three concentric spheres supporting death and murder .
mauritania	the 22 member countries of the arab league , from mauritania to the gulf states , have a total population of 300 millions , larger than the us and almost as large as the eu before its expansion .
meager	within this meager gdp , the gaps between rich and poor are beyond belief and too many of the rich made their money not by succeeding in business , but by being corrupt rulers .
dictators	on the one hand , it should pressure musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " legal framework order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	he obviously liked authoritarian rule better than democracy , equating dictatorship with " stability . "	whereas saddam hussein 's dictatorship ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control , they are now free to organize .	it is fair to say that this creates an unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators , terror networks , fanaticism , incitement , suicide murders and general decline .
fanaticism	it is fair to say that this creates an unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators , terror networks , fanaticism , incitement , suicide murders and general decline .
incitement	it is fair to say that this creates an unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators , terror networks , fanaticism , incitement , suicide murders and general decline .	the problem is that the vast silent majority of these moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement , but they also do not stand up against it .	money is , money and power and cold - blooded murderous incitement , nothing else .	but the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish , in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications , which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about .	figuratively speaking , this outer circle is the guardian , which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement , rather than to the world outside .	half of the population of the arab world is under the age of 20 , the most receptive age to incitement , guaranteeing two more generations of blind hatred .	if by democracy we mean free elections but also free press , free speech , a functioning judicial system , civil liberties , equality to women , free international travel , exposure to international media and ideas , laws against racial incitement and against defamation , and avoidance of lawless behavior regarding hospitals , places of worship and children , then yes , democracy is the solution .	if democracy is just free elections , it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected , the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .
moslems	a word about the millions of decent , honest , good people who are either devout moslems or are not very religious but grew up in moslem families : they are double victims of an outside world , which now develops islamophobia , and of their own environment which breaks their heart by being totally dysfunctional .	the problem is that the vast silent majority of these moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement , but they also do not stand up against it .	but millions of moslems are told by their leaders that this is the case .
islamophobia	a word about the millions of decent , honest , good people who are either devout moslems or are not very religious but grew up in moslem families : they are double victims of an outside world , which now develops islamophobia , and of their own environment which breaks their heart by being totally dysfunctional .
accomplices	they become accomplices , by omission , and this applies to political leaders , intellectuals , business people and many others .	delhi police chief k k paul named the man as tariq ahmed dar , and said police were hunting for four accomplices .
omission	they become accomplices , by omission , and this applies to political leaders , intellectuals , business people and many others .
undeclared	these are the four main pillars of the current world conflict , or perhaps we should already refer to it as " the undeclared world war iii " :
quantitatively	september 11 was quantitatively much less lethal than many earthquakes
dismembered	it is a very cruel death with bodies dismembered and horrible severe lifelong injuries to many of the wounded .
undisputed	but the real fear comes from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderer .
preventive	but the real fear comes from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderer .	you can somewhat reduce your vulnerability by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a defensive way .
fanatic	it is fair to say that this creates an unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators , terror networks , fanaticism , incitement , suicide murders and general decline .	it has nothing to do with true fanatic religious beliefs .	if democracy is just free elections , it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected , the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .	this cute little stunt is only going to prove just how fanatic the extremist muslims are .
fervor	would n't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves , or to talk their sons into doing it , if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor ?
outcast	instead , they send outcast women , naive children , retarded people and young incited hotheads .
retarded	instead , they send outcast women , naive children , retarded people and young incited hotheads .	the dude who grills the retarded dogs is rude .	you r retarded .	cocker spaniels are retarded .
incited	instead , they send outcast women , naive children , retarded people and young incited hotheads .
hotheads	instead , they send outcast women , naive children , retarded people and young incited hotheads .
delights	they promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .
handsomely	they promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .
poorest	the poorest region in the world , by far , is africa .
bremmer	there was certainly more despair in saddam 's iraq than in paul bremmer 's iraq , and no one exploded himself .
indispensable	the unity of the civilized world in fighting this horror is absolutely indispensable .
fabrications	but the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish , in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications , which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about .	it is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those western media who collaborate with it out of naivety , financial interests or ignorance .	if democracy is just free elections , it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected , the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .
provocation	israel owes the united states at least this much , in this crisis , to cease militarily unnecessary provocations and establish genuine peace .	an incredible number of people in the arab world believe that september 11 never happened , or was an american provocation or , even better , a jewish plot .
mouhamad	you all remember the iraqi minister of information , mr. mouhamad said al - sahaf and his press conferences when the us forces were already inside baghdad .
disinformation	disinformation at time of war is an accepted tactic .
preposterous	but to stand , day after day , and to make such preposterous statements , known to everybody to be lies , without even being ridiculed in your own milieu , can only happen in this region .
ridiculed	but to stand , day after day , and to make such preposterous statements , known to everybody to be lies , without even being ridiculed in your own milieu , can only happen in this region .
milieu	but to stand , day after day , and to make such preposterous statements , known to everybody to be lies , without even being ridiculed in your own milieu , can only happen in this region .
jester	mr. sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester , but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time .
credence	it also does not prevent the western press from giving credence , every day , even now , to similar liars .	some recent research conducted by oregon state university has given considerable credence to this idea .
liars	it also does not prevent the western press from giving credence , every day , even now , to similar liars .
anti-semite	after all , if you want to be an anti-semite , there are subtle ways of doing it .
mutilated	incitement by arab tv , accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies , has become a powerful weapon of those who lie , distort and want to destroy everything .
distort	incitement by arab tv , accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies , has become a powerful weapon of those who lie , distort and want to destroy everything .	i sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was .
arafat	you may support or oppose the iraq war , but to refer to fans of saddam , arafat or bin laden as peace activists is a bit too much .	mrs. arafat , who lives in paris with her daughter , receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt palestinian authority , while a typical local ringleader of the al - aksa brigade , reporting to arafat , receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars , for performing murders at the retail level .	my opinion piece on the implications of arafat 's passing for al - qaeda has appeared at newsday .	" arafat 's secular nationalism was supple enough to compromise with israel and to imagine a two - state solution , even if the road of negotiations remained rocky .	arafat 's death creates a vacuum in palestinian leadership that will not soon be filled .	cloaking himself in yasser arafat 's legacy , abbas pledged to fulfill palestinian dreams of statehood .	he is already demanding claims that israel said no to not only the world , but to arafat himself .	if abbas does not change his former thinking and continues the path of yasser arafat , then there will not be peace in the holy land and the palestinians will ultimately suffer .	waheed arafat khan , 24 , london e17
mid-day	a woman walks into an israeli restaurant in mid-day , eats , observes families with old people and children eating their lunch in the adjacent tables and pays the bill .
bereaved	dignitaries condemn the act but visit her bereaved family and the money flows .
equips	there is a new game in town : the actual murderer is called " the military wing " , the one who pays him , equips him and sends him is now called " the political wing " and the head of the operation is called the " spiritual leader " .
orwellian	there are numerous other examples of such orwellian nomenclature , used every day not only by terror chiefs but also by western media .
goebbels	it was joseph goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough , people will believe it .
outperformed	he is now being outperformed by his successors .
channeled	huge amounts of money , which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the world , are channeled into three concentric spheres supporting death and murder .
concentric	huge amounts of money , which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the world , are channeled into three concentric spheres supporting death and murder .
hideouts	the money funds their travel , explosives , hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targets .
havens	these states , as well as the palestinian authority , are the safe havens of the wholesale murder vendors .
preachers	they are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters , planners , commanders , preachers , all of whom make a living , usually a very comfortable living , by serving as terror infrastructure .	the spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other european countries , including france , who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to iraq .
madrasas	this circle operates mostly through mosques , madrasas and other religious establishments but also through inciting electronic and printed media .
inciting	this circle operates mostly through mosques , madrasas and other religious establishments but also through inciting electronic and printed media .	the spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other european countries , including france , who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to iraq .
unthinkable	it is this circle that makes sure that women remain inferior , that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to the outside world is minimal .	in the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister , because such an act is unthinkable , international law does not address killers shooting from hospitals , mosques and ambulances , while being protected by their government or society .
miseries	it is also that circle that leads the way in blaming everybody outside the moslem world , for the miseries of the region .	antichrist john lennon wanted to compete with jesus christ , and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of christ together with yoko ono at the amsterdam hilton hotel proclaiming " peace " , being then when he was visited by the canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of " the ballad of john and yoko " : " the way things are going , they 're going to crucify me ... " , the curse of god upon john lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made lennon give the interview to the " rolling stone " magazine ( today condensed in the " lennon remembers " book ) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming " whatever is up there " for it ( referring to god ) .
ngo's	the outer circle is largely financed by saudi arabia , but also by donations from certain moslem communities in the united states and europe and , to a smaller extent , by donations of european governments to various ngo's and by certain united nations organizations , whose goals may be noble , but they are infested and exploited by agents of the outer circle .
infested	the outer circle is largely financed by saudi arabia , but also by donations from certain moslem communities in the united states and europe and , to a smaller extent , by donations of european governments to various ngo's and by certain united nations organizations , whose goals may be noble , but they are infested and exploited by agents of the outer circle .
saudis	the saudis are beginning to understand it , but they fight the inner circles , while still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle .	140 - number of saudis , including members of the bin laden family , evacuated from united states almost immediately after 11 september .
figuratively	figuratively speaking , this outer circle is the guardian , which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement , rather than to the world outside .
inwards	figuratively speaking , this outer circle is the guardian , which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement , rather than to the world outside .
horrifying	the horrifying added factor is the high birth rate .
receptive	half of the population of the arab world is under the age of 20 , the most receptive age to incitement , guaranteeing two more generations of blind hatred .
guaranteeing	half of the population of the arab world is under the age of 20 , the most receptive age to incitement , guaranteeing two more generations of blind hatred .
hotspots	the jihad " soldiers " join packaged death tours to iraq and other hotspots , while some of their leaders ski in switzerland .
mrs.	mrs. arafat , who lives in paris with her daughter , receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt palestinian authority , while a typical local ringleader of the al - aksa brigade , reporting to arafat , receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars , for performing murders at the retail level .	i 'm very happy with the piano lessons mrs. lynda mcmanus taught me .	mrs. tolchin provided us with excellent service and came with a great deal of knowledge and professionalism !
ringleader	mrs. arafat , who lives in paris with her daughter , receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt palestinian authority , while a typical local ringleader of the al - aksa brigade , reporting to arafat , receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars , for performing murders at the retail level .	the consolidation of smaller local radical fundamentalist groups with al - qaeda can also be seen in the case of the fizazi group in tangiers that morphed into the moroccan islamic combatant group , had members who met with september 11 ringleader muhammad atta , and ultimately was in part responsible for the madrid train bombings .
aksa	mrs. arafat , who lives in paris with her daughter , receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt palestinian authority , while a typical local ringleader of the al - aksa brigade , reporting to arafat , receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars , for performing murders at the retail level .
mutilation	there are naive old - fashioned habits such as respecting religious sites and symbols , not using ambulances and hospitals for acts of war , avoiding the mutilation of dead bodies and not using children as human shields or human bombs .
anti-democratic	every student of political science debates how you prevent an anti-democratic force from winning a democratic election and abolishing democracy .
abolishing	every student of political science debates how you prevent an anti-democratic force from winning a democratic election and abolishing democracy .
dilemmas	these are the old - fashioned dilemmas .	most of us still have hope for ourselves even when stuck in the darkest dilemmas , ruts and catch - 22s .	crap like this sure makes me want to rush right out and rescue people from dilemmas of their own making .
arch-murderer	do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another , always surrounded by children ?
teheran	suppose , for the sake of discussion , that someone would openly stay in a well - known address in teheran , hosted by the iranian government and financed by it , executing one atrocity after another in spain or in france , killing hundreds of innocent people , accepting responsibility for the crimes , promising in public tv interviews to do more of the same , while the government of iran issues public condemnations of his acts but continues to host him , invite him to official functions and treat him as a great dignitary .
atrocity	suppose , for the sake of discussion , that someone would openly stay in a well - known address in teheran , hosted by the iranian government and financed by it , executing one atrocity after another in spain or in france , killing hundreds of innocent people , accepting responsibility for the crimes , promising in public tv interviews to do more of the same , while the government of iran issues public condemnations of his acts but continues to host him , invite him to official functions and treat him as a great dignitary .
condemnations	suppose , for the sake of discussion , that someone would openly stay in a well - known address in teheran , hosted by the iranian government and financed by it , executing one atrocity after another in spain or in france , killing hundreds of innocent people , accepting responsibility for the crimes , promising in public tv interviews to do more of the same , while the government of iran issues public condemnations of his acts but continues to host him , invite him to official functions and treat him as a great dignitary .
dignitary	suppose , for the sake of discussion , that someone would openly stay in a well - known address in teheran , hosted by the iranian government and financed by it , executing one atrocity after another in spain or in france , killing hundreds of innocent people , accepting responsibility for the crimes , promising in public tv interviews to do more of the same , while the government of iran issues public condemnations of his acts but continues to host him , invite him to official functions and treat him as a great dignitary .
lawless	over the past decade , bangladesh has steadily moved into a state of lawlessness .	the problem is that the civilized world is still having illusions about the rule of law in a totally lawless environment .	if by democracy we mean free elections but also free press , free speech , a functioning judicial system , civil liberties , equality to women , free international travel , exposure to international media and ideas , laws against racial incitement and against defamation , and avoidance of lawless behavior regarding hospitals , places of worship and children , then yes , democracy is the solution .	the pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60 hz , which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving , flawless picture .	the management was easy to deal with during the planning stages , and the execution by the kitchen and wait staff was flawless .	ever since the first whispers about google 's ipo , most investors have feared that the stock would come public at such a ridiculously high price that , even with a spectacularly profitable business model and some nearly flawless execution , the price would be too high for investors to make a real profit .
ballerina	it is trying to play ice hockey by sending a ballerina ice - skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player .	the staff was very helpful and gave me exactly what i needed for my first time ballerina .
cannibals	in the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister , because such an act is unthinkable , international law does not address killers shooting from hospitals , mosques and ambulances , while being protected by their government or society .
royally	international law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country , which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him .
pretends	international law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country , which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him .	i mean , i do n't care if he does n't know , but if he pretends to know and tells me bs to my face , there 's no way i 'm going to trust him when matters turn to the price of the car and financing .
crooks	the amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law , and define all those who attack them as " war criminals , " with some western media repeating the allegations .	luckily they caught the crooks before they did one on us .
counter-propaganda	here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite , more power to women , more education , counter-propaganda , boycott whenever feasible and access to western media , internet and the international scene .
malignant	when you have a malignant tumor , you may remove the tumor itself surgically .
surgically	when you have a malignant tumor , you may remove the tumor itself surgically .	i still have surgically induced hair loss .
starve	you may also starve it by preventing new blood from reaching it from other parts of the body , thereby preventing new " supplies " from expanding the tumor .
pre-war	i do not want to comment here on whether the american - led attack on iraq was justified from the point of view of weapons of mass destruction or any other pre-war argument , but i can look at the post-war map of western asia .
unfriendly	as a result of the conquest of afghanistan and iraq , both iran and syria are now totally surrounded by territories unfriendly to them .
incite	it is fair to say that this creates an unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators , terror networks , fanaticism , incitement , suicide murders and general decline .	the problem is that the vast silent majority of these moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement , but they also do not stand up against it .	money is , money and power and cold - blooded murderous incitement , nothing else .	instead , they send outcast women , naive children , retarded people and young incited hotheads .	but the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish , in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications , which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about .	figuratively speaking , this outer circle is the guardian , which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement , rather than to the world outside .	half of the population of the arab world is under the age of 20 , the most receptive age to incitement , guaranteeing two more generations of blind hatred .	it is not surprising that iran is so active in trying to incite a shiite uprising in iraq .	if by democracy we mean free elections but also free press , free speech , a functioning judicial system , civil liberties , equality to women , free international travel , exposure to international media and ideas , laws against racial incitement and against defamation , and avoidance of lawless behavior regarding hospitals , places of worship and children , then yes , democracy is the solution .	if democracy is just free elections , it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected , the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .
encircle	iran is encircled by afghanistan , by the gulf states , iraq and the moslem republics of the former soviet union .	i do not know if the american plan was actually to encircle both iran and syria , but that is the resulting situation .
embassies	it has proven that it can execute elaborate terrorist acts without leaving too many traces , using iranian embassies .
virtuoso	its so - called moderates and conservatives play their own virtuoso version of the " good - cop versus bad - cop " game .	" wei has given some virtuoso performances with brush and ink , often incorporating several different techniques into a single work , " said gordon s. barrass , curator of the exhibition .
appease	nevertheless , most european countries still trade with iran , try to appease it and refuse to read the clear signals .
decisively	it is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those western media who collaborate with it out of naivety , financial interests or ignorance .
naivety	it is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those western media who collaborate with it out of naivety , financial interests or ignorance .
expelling	the spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other european countries , including france , who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to iraq .	in his fall 2001 book titled knights under the banner of the prophet , zawahiri argued that the secular press was telling " lies " about the militant islamists -- to include the suggestion that the militant islamists were somehow the creation of the united states in connection with expelling the russians from afghanistan .
forbidding	the spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other european countries , including france , who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to iraq .	> from the shameful history of slavery in america , the injustice of forbidding people to marry is evident as a denial of a basic human right .	the american laws forbidding interracial marriage , now struck down , were clearly discriminatory .	the radical shiite sadr movement issued a statement forbidding the participation of iraqi troops in the attack on fallujah , as well .
veils	the spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other european countries , including france , who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to iraq .
prevail	i have no doubt that the civilized world will prevail .
understandable	its understandable recoil from wars , following the horrors of world war ii , may cost thousands of additional innocent lives , before the tide will turn . "	rate the routes , with understandable markings and a more detailed system than easy , moderate , and hard .
vanguards	zawahiri was associated with a faction of the egyptian islamic jihad known as the vanguards of conquest .	zawahiri and the vanguards of conquest were seeking to recreate mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on egyptian leaders .	zawahiri was associated with a faction of the egyptian islamic jihad known as the vanguards of conquest .	zawahiri and the vanguards of conquest were seeking to recreate mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on egyptian leaders .
recreate	zawahiri and the vanguards of conquest were seeking to recreate mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on egyptian leaders .	zawahiri and the vanguards of conquest were seeking to recreate mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on egyptian leaders .
anthrax	a key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the texas veterinary medical diagnostic lab in 1980 .	in early june 2003 , a central intelligence agency ( " cia " ) report publicly disclosed that the reason for mohammed atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	in a statement issued june 16 , 2004 , the 9/11 commission staff concluded that " al qaeda had an ambitious biological weapons program and was making advances in its ability to produce anthrax prior to september 11 .	according to director of central intelligence george tenet , al qaeda 's ability to conduct an anthrax attack is one of the most immediate threats the united states is likely to face . "	the cia reportedly has been quietly building a case that the anthrax mailings were an international plot .	many people have argued that a us - based al qaeda operative is behind the earlier fall 2001 anthrax mailings in the us , and that the mailings served as a threat and warning .	" the prophet 's guidance , " says michael scheuer , an al - qaeda analyst who recently retired from the cia and once headed its bin laden unit , " was always , before you attack someone , warn them very clearly ... " the anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in january 1997 to newspaper branches in washington , d.c. and new york city , as well as symbolic targets .	handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of ksm , al qaeda 's # 3 , included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise .	ksm explained that moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by us - trained biochemist and al qaeda operative , malaysian yazid sufaat .	zacarias moussaoui , never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable , has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants " anthrax for jew sympathizer only . "	but if experience is any guide , nothing would stand in the way of dr. ayman zawahiri 's decade - long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against us targets that was described by one confidante to an egyptian newspaper reporter .	emails from zawahiri to atef in the spring of 1999 indicate that ayman was a close student of the usamriid anthrax program .	a key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the texas veterinary medical diagnostic lab in 1980 .	he explained that interrogations and other evidence revealed that al qaeda wanted to strike the us with a nonconventional weapon , most notably anthrax .	the same week , the wtc head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes , they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received .	al qaeda has had anthrax , the raw seed product in its unweaponized form , since at least 1997 , when it was purchased by bin laden through the moro islamic liberation front ( " moro front " or " milf " ) .	the cia has known of zawahiri 's plans to use anthrax for a half decade .	the confidante and right - hand man of dr. ayman zawahiri admitted that zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against us targets .	a recently released islamist who had been a close associate of zawahiri said that zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in russia and the middle east .	the us army recipe was not used , and obtaining the unprocessed ames strain of anthrax used does not warrant the weight given it by some press accounts .	al qaeda 's anthrax production plans on khalid mohammed 's computer did not evidence knowledge of advanced techniques in the most efficient biological weapons .	in the case of the anthrax used in the mailings , there was an electrostatic charge .	khalid mohammed then told interrogators that zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusting may have related to yazid sufaat 's anthrax manufacturing plans .	although the details of the documents on mohammed 's computer may ( or may not ) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal , they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings .	after 9/11 , yazid sufaat traveled to afghanistan and pakistan to work for the taliban medical brigade and to continue his work with anthrax .	the fellow was carrying papers from zawahiri and bragging about his ability to manipulate anthrax .	in early june 2003 , a cia report concluded that the reason for atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	the hijacker ahmed alhaznawi appears to have contracted cutaneous anthrax in afghanistan .	the lesion is further evidence of al qaeda 's anthrax production program at kandahar .	two top iraqi scientists , code named charlie and alpha , are helping the coalition to learn more about iraqi 's anthrax program , according to dr. david kay , head of the iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for wmd .	he has said that the iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax .	zawahiri likely targeted senators daschle and leahy to receive anthrax letters , in addition to various media outlets , because of the appropriations made pursuant to the " leahy law " to military and security forces .
modus	al qaeda , anthrax and ayman : means , motive , modus operandi and opportunity
operandi	al qaeda , anthrax and ayman : means , motive , modus operandi and opportunity
atta	in early june 2003 , a central intelligence agency ( " cia " ) report publicly disclosed that the reason for mohammed atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	usda employee johnelle bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .	there still is a very hot pursuit of the " atta - level " floridian , adnan el shukrijumah , who siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .	in early june 2003 , a cia report concluded that the reason for atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	the present evidence relating to atta 's alleged travel to prague does not warrant a conclusion that al qaeda obtained the ames strain from iraq .	attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the x ( nwp and pgt ) .	attached are the gas settlement and support for may .	attached are the gas settlement and support for may .	attached are the gas settlement and support for may .	attached for your review is a blacklined version of the : ( a ) schedule and ( b ) paragraph 13 to the isda master agreement .	attached please find the latest enovate risk policy .	attached please find the latest enovate risk policy .	attached please find the latest enovate risk policy .	attached are the gcp signoffs on eol approvals for 11/29/00 with gcp responses marked in red .	attached is the referenced agreement .	attached are uecomm 's final comments to the master agreement .	attached for your further handling is the draft form deemed isda between ena and ispat mexicana s.a. de c.v .	attached are the fax cover pages for each of the nylon and polykron deemed isdas i just sent you .	attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty , which reflect our comments .	attached are the draft schedule to the isda master agreement , together with paragraph 13 to the isda credit support annex .	attached is the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with bob fagan earlier this week .	attached is the letter i originally sent to you on may 10 in this regard .	attached for your review are draft talking points for the cal energy markets conference i 'm speaking at on thursday in sf .	attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the gas industry restructuring / natural gas strategy proceeding , including the motion for approval of the comprehensive settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the comprehensive settlement , the comprehensive settlement document itself , and the various appendices to the settlement .?	attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel i 'll be on at a cem conference in sf on thursday afternoon .	attached is my draft of a request for rehearing .	attached are my resume and an addendum covering academic & consulting experience .	attached is a summary of products and the various enron groups seeking answers .	attached is pg&e 's gas accord ii ( ga ii ) settlement proposal .	the attached documents include the ga ii settlement proposal , an attachment ( a copy of pg&e 's proposed gas rule 27 ) , and a set of supporting workpapers .	finally , please note that the settlement document and the attachment are in " word 2000 " format .	attached is a draft of the talking points for the commission 's hearings .
zacarias	in early june 2003 , a central intelligence agency ( " cia " ) report publicly disclosed that the reason for mohammed atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	some may still think that even in the final stages of the 9/11 plot , zacarias moussaoui was going to fly a 5th plane into the capitol or white house .	although ramzi binalshibh provided him $ 14,000 in july , accused september 11 conspirator zacarias moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks .	zacarias moussaoui , never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable , has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants " anthrax for jew sympathizer only . "	khalid mohammed then told interrogators that zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusting may have related to yazid sufaat 's anthrax manufacturing plans .	zacarias moussaoui , who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested , stayed at sufaat 's condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in malaysia .	in early june 2003 , a cia report concluded that the reason for atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .
moussaoui	in early june 2003 , a central intelligence agency ( " cia " ) report publicly disclosed that the reason for mohammed atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	some may still think that even in the final stages of the 9/11 plot , zacarias moussaoui was going to fly a 5th plane into the capitol or white house .	there is an e-mail by moussaoui , however , dated july 31 , 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months .	in march 2003 , mohammed reportedly said that moussaoui was not going to be part of 9/11 but was to be part of a " second wave . "	although ramzi binalshibh provided him $ 14,000 in july , accused september 11 conspirator zacarias moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks .	ksm explained that moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by us - trained biochemist and al qaeda operative , malaysian yazid sufaat .	zacarias moussaoui , never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable , has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants " anthrax for jew sympathizer only . "	khalid mohammed then told interrogators that zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusting may have related to yazid sufaat 's anthrax manufacturing plans .	zacarias moussaoui , who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested , stayed at sufaat 's condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in malaysia .	yazid sufaat provided moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for infocus technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .	in early june 2003 , a cia report concluded that the reason for atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .
cropdusters	in early june 2003 , a central intelligence agency ( " cia " ) report publicly disclosed that the reason for mohammed atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	in early june 2003 , a cia report concluded that the reason for atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	it has long been known osama bin laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents ( since the testimony of millennium bomber ahmed ressam ) .
dispersing	in early june 2003 , a central intelligence agency ( " cia " ) report publicly disclosed that the reason for mohammed atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	in early june 2003 , a cia report concluded that the reason for atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .
setback	an early september 2003 newsweek article included a rumor by a taliban source that at a meeting in april 2003 bin laden was planning an " unbelievable " biological attack , the plans for which had suffered a setback upon the arrest of khalid shaikh mohammed ( " ksm " ) .	if this coincides with rising interest rates and a setback in the housing market , american consumers will experience the hardest times since the great depression . "	it is a setback for the war on terror .
ksm	an early september 2003 newsweek article included a rumor by a taliban source that at a meeting in april 2003 bin laden was planning an " unbelievable " biological attack , the plans for which had suffered a setback upon the arrest of khalid shaikh mohammed ( " ksm " ) .	handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of ksm , al qaeda 's # 3 , included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise .	ksm explained that moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by us - trained biochemist and al qaeda operative , malaysian yazid sufaat .	ksm and hambali sent al - hindi ( al - britani ) , along with jafar the pilot , to case nyc targets for a second wave .	sufaat , according to both ksm and hambali , did not have the virulent us army ames strain that would be used .	the cia did not even allow the fbi access to ksm for 10 days after his arrest .	he allegedly was at one or more meetings in the summer of 2001 in pakistan at which ksm and sufaat were present .	the imprisoned wtc 1993 plotter yousef was ksm 's nephew .
rawalpindi	he had been captured the previous month in rawalpindi , pakistan .	various doctors , both foreign and american , are associated with al qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors abdul qadoos khan , a bacteriologist from rawalpindi and aafia siddiqui , phd , from karachi .
9/11	in a statement issued june 16 , 2004 , the 9/11 commission staff concluded that " al qaeda had an ambitious biological weapons program and was making advances in its ability to produce anthrax prior to september 11 .	some may still think that even in the final stages of the 9/11 plot , zacarias moussaoui was going to fly a 5th plane into the capitol or white house .	in march 2003 , mohammed reportedly said that moussaoui was not going to be part of 9/11 but was to be part of a " second wave . "	zawahiri said that the us should expect another 9/11 on us soil .	in may 2004 , patrick hughes , lieutenant general ( retired ) , assistant secretary for information analysis , homeland security department testified before the 9/11 commission .	us - trained malaysian biochemist yazid sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in january 2000 .	after 9/11 , yazid sufaat traveled to afghanistan and pakistan to work for the taliban medical brigade and to continue his work with anthrax .	in the very interview in which they admitted 9/11 , and described the codes used for the four targets for the planes , the masterminds admitted to the jenny code , the code for representing the date 9/11 , and used the symbolism of the " green birds . "	samchawk@aol.com on 09/11/99 07:48:44 pm	( filed : 19/11/2004 )	$ 3 m - amount the white house was willing to grant the 9/11 commission to investigate the 11 september attacks .	here 's a dslr buying guide - http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/	of course bush would have tried to stop 9/11 if he had known it was coming .	( what about 40 al - qaeda bases that had trained the 9/11 hijackers and other terrorists gunning for the united states ?? )
tenet	according to director of central intelligence george tenet , al qaeda 's ability to conduct an anthrax attack is one of the most immediate threats the united states is likely to face . "	dick could never thereafter get any real cooperation from the cabinet officers , who outranked him , and he could not convince them to go to battle stations in the summer of 2001 when george tenet 's hair was " on fire " about the excited chatter the cia was picking up from radical islamist terrorists .
shukrijumah	on august 9 , 2004 , it was announced that in the spring of 2001 , a man named el - shukrijumah , also known as jafar the pilot , who was part of a " second wave , " had been casing new york city helicopters .	there still is a very hot pursuit of the " atta - level " floridian , adnan el shukrijumah , who siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .
jafar	on august 9 , 2004 , it was announced that in the spring of 2001 , a man named el - shukrijumah , also known as jafar the pilot , who was part of a " second wave , " had been casing new york city helicopters .	ksm and hambali sent al - hindi ( al - britani ) , along with jafar the pilot , to case nyc targets for a second wave .	it was as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that jafar the pilot studied tourist helicopters in the nyc area .	his nickname is " jafar the pilot . "
casing	on august 9 , 2004 , it was announced that in the spring of 2001 , a man named el - shukrijumah , also known as jafar the pilot , who was part of a " second wave , " had been casing new york city helicopters .	it was initially referred to as hotmail with selective uppercasing .
mailings	the cia reportedly has been quietly building a case that the anthrax mailings were an international plot .	many people have argued that a us - based al qaeda operative is behind the earlier fall 2001 anthrax mailings in the us , and that the mailings served as a threat and warning .	" the prophet 's guidance , " says michael scheuer , an al - qaeda analyst who recently retired from the cia and once headed its bin laden unit , " was always , before you attack someone , warn them very clearly ... " the anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in january 1997 to newspaper branches in washington , d.c. and new york city , as well as symbolic targets .	in the case of the anthrax used in the mailings , there was an electrostatic charge .	although the details of the documents on mohammed 's computer may ( or may not ) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal , they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings .	a report by the center for disease control of interviews with ami employees ( as well as detailed interviews by author leonard cole ) supports the conclusion that there were not one , but two , such mailings containing anthrax .	the " federal eagle " stamp used in the anthrax mailings was a blue - green .	they wish to launch on sept. 1 - meaning we will need to be sending mailings sometime around mid-august .
bureaucratically	it 's just no longer bureaucratically impolite to openly contest the fbi 's ( former ) theory about a lone , american scientist .
impolite	it 's just no longer bureaucratically impolite to openly contest the fbi 's ( former ) theory about a lone , american scientist .
innocents	princeton islamist scholar bernard lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad , extremists like zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .
biochemical	princeton islamist scholar bernard lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad , extremists like zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .	the letter threatened to use biochemical weapons if the blind sheik was not released .	use of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened retaliation for such detentions was an alternative scenario in the bojinka planning .	zawahiri , al qaeda 's # 2 , is head of al qaeda 's biochemical program .
scheuer	" the prophet 's guidance , " says michael scheuer , an al - qaeda analyst who recently retired from the cia and once headed its bin laden unit , " was always , before you attack someone , warn them very clearly ... " the anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in january 1997 to newspaper branches in washington , d.c. and new york city , as well as symbolic targets .	" what we know is that he 's always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies , " former cia obl unit counter terrorism chief michael scheuer has said .
d.c.	" the prophet 's guidance , " says michael scheuer , an al - qaeda analyst who recently retired from the cia and once headed its bin laden unit , " was always , before you attack someone , warn them very clearly ... " the anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in january 1997 to newspaper branches in washington , d.c. and new york city , as well as symbolic targets .	the islamists sent letter bombs in january 1997 to newspaper offices in new york city and washington , d.c. .	( even though he has bigger things to do in d.c. , this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in texas , the repercussions could be global . )	the supreme court announced its ruling today in hamdan v. rumsfeld divided along idelogical lines with john roberts abstaining due to his involvement at the d.c. circuit level and anthony kennedy joining the liberals in a 5 - 3 decision that is 185 pages long .	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail	* washington , d.c. - *
sheik	the letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik abdel rahman and those responsible for the earlier world trade center bombing in 1993 .	the letter threatened to use biochemical weapons if the blind sheik was not released .	they were sent in connection with the earlier bombing of the world trade center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik , sheik abdel rahman .	although while in jail in the early 1980s , zawahiri caused considerable tension by challenging the blind sheik 's ability to lead a coalition of the egyptian islamic jihad and the egyptian islamic group , zawahiri and obl are rahman 's friends .	the sheikh in wheel - chair has been attacked with a f - 16 - launched bomb .	on the internet site of monotheism and holy war ( al - tawhid wa al - jihad ) , the group allegedly declared , " we announce that the tawhid and jihad group , its prince and soldiers , have pledged allegiance to the sheikh of the mujahideen osama bin laden . "
abdel	the letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik abdel rahman and those responsible for the earlier world trade center bombing in 1993 .	they were sent in connection with the earlier bombing of the world trade center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik , sheik abdel rahman .	abdel rahman 's son was captured in quetta , pakistan in mid-february 2003 .	along with zawahiri , abdel rahman and his two sons have had considerable influence over bin laden .	shareef abdelhaleen , 30 , mississauga ;
handwritten	handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of ksm , al qaeda 's # 3 , included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise .
dryer	handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of ksm , al qaeda 's # 3 , included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise .	i use miracle cloth , they 're fantastic , just do n't use fabric softener or dryer sheets when cleaning them , it ruins their " grabbing " ability .	compact 's corona dryers remove at least twice as much water as the previous dryers , allowing a production increase of over 10 % and a significant energy saving .
salama	what your morning paper did not tell you , however , was that the cia seized a similar disc from ayman zawahiri 's right - hand , ahmed salama mabruk , 5 years earlier .
mabruk	what your morning paper did not tell you , however , was that the cia seized a similar disc from ayman zawahiri 's right - hand , ahmed salama mabruk , 5 years earlier .	mabruk , at the time , was the head of jihad 's military operations .
underestimate	there is a risk that observers underestimate the time that al qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development .
airliners	others argue that he was to be part of a second wave of airliners directed to targets on the west coast .
dusting	there is an e-mail by moussaoui , however , dated july 31 , 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months .	khalid mohammed then told interrogators that zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusting may have related to yazid sufaat 's anthrax manufacturing plans .	zacarias moussaoui , who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested , stayed at sufaat 's condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in malaysia .	what cleaners should i use for dusting around my parakeet ?
ramzi	although ramzi binalshibh provided him $ 14,000 in july , accused september 11 conspirator zacarias moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks .	according to a post she made on the internet , aafia siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with us appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of wtc 1993 plotter ramzi yousef from pakistan .
binalshibh	although ramzi binalshibh provided him $ 14,000 in july , accused september 11 conspirator zacarias moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks .
14,000	although ramzi binalshibh provided him $ 14,000 in july , accused september 11 conspirator zacarias moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks .
conspirator	although ramzi binalshibh provided him $ 14,000 in july , accused september 11 conspirator zacarias moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks .
dusters	in early june 2003 , a central intelligence agency ( " cia " ) report publicly disclosed that the reason for mohammed atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	ksm explained that moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by us - trained biochemist and al qaeda operative , malaysian yazid sufaat .	the crop dusters were to be part of a " second wave . "	in early june 2003 , a cia report concluded that the reason for atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	it has long been known osama bin laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents ( since the testimony of millennium bomber ahmed ressam ) .
biochemist	ksm explained that moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by us - trained biochemist and al qaeda operative , malaysian yazid sufaat .	us - trained malaysian biochemist yazid sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in january 2000 .
yazid	ksm explained that moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by us - trained biochemist and al qaeda operative , malaysian yazid sufaat .	khalid mohammed then told interrogators that zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusting may have related to yazid sufaat 's anthrax manufacturing plans .	us - trained malaysian biochemist yazid sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in january 2000 .	yazid sufaat provided moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for infocus technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .	after 9/11 , yazid sufaat traveled to afghanistan and pakistan to work for the taliban medical brigade and to continue his work with anthrax .	by greendale school , the anthrax perp was being cute , just as yazid sufaat was being cute in naming his lab green laboratory medicine .
sufaat	ksm explained that moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by us - trained biochemist and al qaeda operative , malaysian yazid sufaat .	al qaeda 's regional operative , hambali , who was at a key january 2000 meeting and supervised sufaat , has been captured .	sufaat , according to both ksm and hambali , did not have the virulent us army ames strain that would be used .	khalid mohammed then told interrogators that zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusting may have related to yazid sufaat 's anthrax manufacturing plans .	us - trained malaysian biochemist yazid sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in january 2000 .	sufaat was a member of al qaeda and a member of jemaah islamiah ( " ji " ) .	sufaat used his company called green laboratory medicine to buy items useful to al qaeda .	zacarias moussaoui , who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested , stayed at sufaat 's condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in malaysia .	yazid sufaat provided moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for infocus technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .	after 9/11 , yazid sufaat traveled to afghanistan and pakistan to work for the taliban medical brigade and to continue his work with anthrax .	as described in us news , a former reporter from the kabul times actually may have met sufaat , without realizing it , while traveling near kabul in october 2001 , perceiving him as filipino .	sufaat was arrested in december 2001 upon his return to malaysia .	he allegedly was at one or more meetings in the summer of 2001 in pakistan at which ksm and sufaat were present .	by greendale school , the anthrax perp was being cute , just as yazid sufaat was being cute in naming his lab green laboratory medicine .
sharpest	zacarias moussaoui , never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable , has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants " anthrax for jew sympathizer only . "
sympathizer	musharraf has been trying to purge his officer corps of the substantial number of al - qaeda sympathizers .	response : iraq is actually hostile territory for al - qaeda , and without iraqi sympathizers it can not succeed there .	zacarias moussaoui , never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable , has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants " anthrax for jew sympathizer only . "	al qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the fbi 's involvement in countries like egypt , saudi arabia , pakistan , indonesia , and the philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries .
hambali	al qaeda 's regional operative , hambali , who was at a key january 2000 meeting and supervised sufaat , has been captured .	hambali reportedly is cooperating to some degree .	ksm and hambali sent al - hindi ( al - britani ) , along with jafar the pilot , to case nyc targets for a second wave .	sufaat , according to both ksm and hambali , did not have the virulent us army ames strain that would be used .	( khalid mohammed 's involvement dates back to bojinka , as does hambali 's ) .
britani	ksm and hambali sent al - hindi ( al - britani ) , along with jafar the pilot , to case nyc targets for a second wave .
virulent	sufaat , according to both ksm and hambali , did not have the virulent us army ames strain that would be used .
dr.	but if experience is any guide , nothing would stand in the way of dr. ayman zawahiri 's decade - long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against us targets that was described by one confidante to an egyptian newspaper reporter .	the confidante and right - hand man of dr. ayman zawahiri admitted that zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against us targets .	the reported finding at dugway undermines the argument of both the " bomb iraq " crowd and the liberals focused on dr. steve hatfill who object to us biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes .	two top iraqi scientists , code named charlie and alpha , are helping the coalition to learn more about iraqi 's anthrax program , according to dr. david kay , head of the iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for wmd .	this extradition and imprisonment of al qaeda leaders , along with us support for israel and the mubarak government in egypt , remains foremost in the mind of dr. zawahiri .	mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the pakistani bacteriologist dr. abdul qadoos khan .	the " hatfill theory " accusing dr. stephen hatfill was always highly dubious .	given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion , it is only fair that the fbi leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that dr. hatfill has now been dropped as a suspect if and when that proves to be the case .	a search of dr. ken berry 's residences likely will prove just about the last gasp of a biodefense insider theory .	dr. harris :	dr. eric fortier , 34 , of gatineau , que. , used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on baffin island , just south of the arctic circle , to save two friends who were being mauled .	" all of the research and all of the preparation i did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the soper [ river ] valley where we were canoeing , " dr. fortier said .	dr. fortier , an orthodontist , learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of baffin island in july 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .	" their screams changed , " dr. fortier said .	dr. fortier threw a large rock at the bear , distracting it and allowing parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25 - year - old patricia doyon , who was in the same tent .	again dr. fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape .	while there was some fur and blood on the nine - centimetre blade , dr. fortier said he does n't think he hurt the bear badly .	dr. fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the soper river .	dr. fortier travelled another three kilometres by foot to seek help in the nearest settlement .	both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though mr. parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , dr. fortier said .	dr. fortier was one of 15 people to receive the carnegie medal on monday .	the name was derived from the founder 's name dr. michael cowpland .	true , but two in england that we know of were a part of the essex entourage : dr. lopez , who had been physician to essex ' step - father , the earl of leicester , had apparently treated the young essex for some socially unacceptable ailment , and antonio perez , who was a guest at essex house in the early 1590's .	the 69 year old dr. lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on june 7 , 1594 at tyburn .	long before ( september 1560 ) dr. lopez had been the personal house doctor of robert dudley and the good doctor was obligated to write the death certificate for amy robsart ( stating that she had " accidentally " fallen down the stairs ) .	dr. faris is a great doctor !	dr. wallen and staff was excellent .	dr. wallen explained the procedure in detail and took his time with me .	dr. obina told me that his office closed at noon and that i should call him on monday .	i had been a patient of dr. olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc .	dr. aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of both my daughters .	dr. aster is very kind an gentle with the children , but also positive and to the point with the parents .
weaponize	but if experience is any guide , nothing would stand in the way of dr. ayman zawahiri 's decade - long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against us targets that was described by one confidante to an egyptian newspaper reporter .	al qaeda has had anthrax , the raw seed product in its unweaponized form , since at least 1997 , when it was purchased by bin laden through the moro islamic liberation front ( " moro front " or " milf " ) .	a recently released islamist who had been a close associate of zawahiri said that zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in russia and the middle east .	he has said that the iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax .
confidante	but if experience is any guide , nothing would stand in the way of dr. ayman zawahiri 's decade - long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against us targets that was described by one confidante to an egyptian newspaper reporter .	the confidante and right - hand man of dr. ayman zawahiri admitted that zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against us targets .
atef	emails from zawahiri to atef in the spring of 1999 indicate that ayman was a close student of the usamriid anthrax program .	wherever he is , authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or atef recruited .
usamriid	emails from zawahiri to atef in the spring of 1999 indicate that ayman was a close student of the usamriid anthrax program .
koran	he believed that the koran instructed that a jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader .
jihadist	he believed that the koran instructed that a jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader .
obl	" what we know is that he 's always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies , " former cia obl unit counter terrorism chief michael scheuer has said .	although while in jail in the early 1980s , zawahiri caused considerable tension by challenging the blind sheik 's ability to lead a coalition of the egyptian islamic jihad and the egyptian islamic group , zawahiri and obl are rahman 's friends .
audiotape	a few days before christmas 2003 , after a renewed audiotape threat by zawahiri of attacks , to include in the us homeland , the threat level was raised to orange or " high . "	after the alert condition had long since returned to yellow , zawahiri in late february issued another audiotape .
traceable	wherever he is , authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or atef recruited .
profilers	in october 2001 , did the fbi profilers know of the draft message khalid mohammed had on the seized laptop ( from 1995 ) that was signed " khalid sheik bojinka " ?
bojinka	in october 2001 , did the fbi profilers know of the draft message khalid mohammed had on the seized laptop ( from 1995 ) that was signed " khalid sheik bojinka " ?	( khalid mohammed 's involvement dates back to bojinka , as does hambali 's ) .	use of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened retaliation for such detentions was an alternative scenario in the bojinka planning .
detentions	use of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened retaliation for such detentions was an alternative scenario in the bojinka planning .
interrogations	he explained that interrogations and other evidence revealed that al qaeda wanted to strike the us with a nonconventional weapon , most notably anthrax .
nonconventional	he explained that interrogations and other evidence revealed that al qaeda wanted to strike the us with a nonconventional weapon , most notably anthrax .
wtc	the same week , the wtc head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes , they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received .	according to a post she made on the internet , aafia siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with us appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of wtc 1993 plotter ramzi yousef from pakistan .	the letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the wtc and a related plot .	two bombs were also sent to leavenworth , where a key wtc 1993 defendant was imprisoned , addressed to " parole officer . "	the imprisoned wtc 1993 plotter yousef was ksm 's nephew .
unweaponized	al qaeda has had anthrax , the raw seed product in its unweaponized form , since at least 1997 , when it was purchased by bin laden through the moro islamic liberation front ( " moro front " or " milf " ) .
moro	i refer to the entire area between pakistan and morocco , which is predominantly arab , predominantly moslem , but includes many non-arab and also significant non-moslem minorities .	al qaeda has had anthrax , the raw seed product in its unweaponized form , since at least 1997 , when it was purchased by bin laden through the moro islamic liberation front ( " moro front " or " milf " ) .	ji has ties with the moro front .	the consolidation of smaller local radical fundamentalist groups with al - qaeda can also be seen in the case of the fizazi group in tangiers that morphed into the moroccan islamic combatant group , had members who met with september 11 ringleader muhammad atta , and ultimately was in part responsible for the madrid train bombings .
milf	al qaeda has had anthrax , the raw seed product in its unweaponized form , since at least 1997 , when it was purchased by bin laden through the moro islamic liberation front ( " moro front " or " milf " ) .
shura	another senior al qaeda member ( a shura or policy - making council member no less ) was working for the egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession .
extradition	even zawahiri 's attorney in 1999 said that bin laden and zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior al qaeda leaders faced .	according to a post she made on the internet , aafia siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with us appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of wtc 1993 plotter ramzi yousef from pakistan .	this extradition and imprisonment of al qaeda leaders , along with us support for israel and the mubarak government in egypt , remains foremost in the mind of dr. zawahiri .
unprocessed	the us army recipe was not used , and obtaining the unprocessed ames strain of anthrax used does not warrant the weight given it by some press accounts .
ft.	significantly , the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago ( now retired ) , upon being contacted , does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to ft. detrick .	my dad is having surgery in ft. worth , so i will be heading that way on monday .	i was planning to be on vacation anyway , but i may have some accessibility challenges in ft. worth which i would not have had otherwise .	my dad is having surgery in ft. worth , so i will be heading that way on monday .	i was planning to be on vacation anyway , but i may have some accessibility challenges in ft. worth which i would not have had otherwise .	my dad is having surgery in ft. worth , so i will be heading that way on monday .	i was planning to be on vacation anyway , but i may have some accessibility challenges in ft. worth which i would not have had otherwise .	an art teacher in the mid-cities area of dallas / ft. worth metro got fired because she took an art class on an approved field trip with parental permission for each student and some hysterical parent discovered that they saw " nudes " in the museum .
detrick	significantly , the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago ( now retired ) , upon being contacted , does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to ft. detrick .
leahy	senator patrick leahy at a congressional hearing in the spring of 2002 noted that the fbi had collected the ames strain from 20 sources .	the media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason senators daschle and leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as " liberals . "	zawahiri likely targeted senators daschle and leahy to receive anthrax letters , in addition to various media outlets , because of the appropriations made pursuant to the " leahy law " to military and security forces .	senator leahy was chairman of both the judiciary committee overseeing the fbi and appropriations subcommittee in charge of foreign aid to these countries .	most of the " talking heads " on television , however , knew only that daschle and leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of al qaeda beyond what they read in the us newspapers .	leahy 's chief of staff apparently started with the strong predisposition that some right - winger was involved because two liberal democrats had been targeted .
msnbc	in fall 2004 , msnbc , relying on an unnamed fbi spokesperson , reports that the fbi has narrowed the pool of labs known to have had ames that was a match from 16 to 4 but can not rule out that it was made overseas .
bioweaponeer	at least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts william patrick and kenneth alibek , under the optimal method , there is no electrostatic charge .	former russian bioweaponeer ken alibek has said that a key russian scientist assisted iraq and that russia had the ames strain .
alibek	at least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts william patrick and kenneth alibek , under the optimal method , there is no electrostatic charge .	former russian bioweaponeer ken alibek has said that a key russian scientist assisted iraq and that russia had the ames strain .	( his conclusion may have been based on the fake mobile biolab plans foisted upon the us by the chalabi associate " curveball " , which alibek divined to be identical to russian mobile lab design ) .
electrostatic	at least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts william patrick and kenneth alibek , under the optimal method , there is no electrostatic charge .	in the case of the anthrax used in the mailings , there was an electrostatic charge .
spore	although there was a dominance of single spores and a trillion spore concentration , there were clumps as large as 40 - 100 microns .	many point to the trillion spore concentration as extraordinary .	it is far simpler , however , to achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few grams than in industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab .	the " trillion spore " issue was at the heart of a lot of mistaken theories of the matter concluding that state sponsorship was necessarily indicated .
clumps	although there was a dominance of single spores and a trillion spore concentration , there were clumps as large as 40 - 100 microns .
microns	although there was a dominance of single spores and a trillion spore concentration , there were clumps as large as 40 - 100 microns .	( spores must be no bigger than 5 microns to be inhalable . )
inhalable	( spores must be no bigger than 5 microns to be inhalable . )
dugway	the reported finding at dugway undermines the argument of both the " bomb iraq " crowd and the liberals focused on dr. steve hatfill who object to us biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes .
undermines	the reported finding at dugway undermines the argument of both the " bomb iraq " crowd and the liberals focused on dr. steve hatfill who object to us biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes .
hatfill	the reported finding at dugway undermines the argument of both the " bomb iraq " crowd and the liberals focused on dr. steve hatfill who object to us biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes .	finally , the " hatfill theory " seems to have been exhausted or at least lost public favor .	the " hatfill theory " accusing dr. stephen hatfill was always highly dubious .	the fbi 's fixation on hatfill ( at least as rumored by some reporters ) may have stemmed from a warning by one senator that careers hung in the balance .	the hatfill theory -- to include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7 / 24 surveillance by 8 surveillance specialists -- is now the subject of pending civil rights and libel claims of uncertain merit .	the hatfill theory ironically might best be understood as an al qaeda theory , with a coincidental malaysian connection adding to the other circumstances .	given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion , it is only fair that the fbi leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that dr. hatfill has now been dropped as a suspect if and when that proves to be the case .
biodefense	the reported finding at dugway undermines the argument of both the " bomb iraq " crowd and the liberals focused on dr. steve hatfill who object to us biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes .	a search of dr. ken berry 's residences likely will prove just about the last gasp of a biodefense insider theory .
usda	usda employee johnelle bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .
johnelle	usda employee johnelle bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .
sensational	usda employee johnelle bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .
retrofitting	usda employee johnelle bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .
cropduster	in early june 2003 , a central intelligence agency ( " cia " ) report publicly disclosed that the reason for mohammed atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	usda employee johnelle bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .	in early june 2003 , a cia report concluded that the reason for atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	it has long been known osama bin laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents ( since the testimony of millennium bomber ahmed ressam ) .
interrogators	khalid mohammed then told interrogators that zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusting may have related to yazid sufaat 's anthrax manufacturing plans .
plotters	us - trained malaysian biochemist yazid sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in january 2000 .
hijackers	us - trained malaysian biochemist yazid sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in january 2000 .	79 - percentage of the 11 september hijackers who came from saudi arabia .	3 = number of 11 september hijackers whose entry visas came through special us - saudi " visa express " programme .	the hijackers were obviously al - qaeda , and no operational links between al - qaeda and iraq had ever been found ) .	( what about 40 al - qaeda bases that had trained the 9/11 hijackers and other terrorists gunning for the united states ?? )
jemaah	sufaat was a member of al qaeda and a member of jemaah islamiah ( " ji " ) .
islamiah	sufaat was a member of al qaeda and a member of jemaah islamiah ( " ji " ) .
symbolizes	( green symbolizes " islam " and prophet mohammed 's holy war ) .	green symbolizes islam and was the prophet mohammed 's color .
condominium	zacarias moussaoui , who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested , stayed at sufaat 's condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in malaysia .	joe removed a wasp nest for our condominium building and we appreciated the environmentally friendly method and prompt , friendly and informative service .
infocus	yazid sufaat provided moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for infocus technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .
35,000	yazid sufaat provided moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for infocus technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .
perceiving	as described in us news , a former reporter from the kabul times actually may have met sufaat , without realizing it , while traveling near kabul in october 2001 , perceiving him as filipino .
bragging	the fellow was carrying papers from zawahiri and bragging about his ability to manipulate anthrax .
qadoos	various doctors , both foreign and american , are associated with al qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors abdul qadoos khan , a bacteriologist from rawalpindi and aafia siddiqui , phd , from karachi .	microbiologist abdul qadoos khan was charged along with his son , ahmed , for harboring the fugitives .	yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son ahmed abdul qadoos , who receives a stipend from the un for being officially low - iq due to lead poisoning .	mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the pakistani bacteriologist dr. abdul qadoos khan .
bacteriologist	various doctors , both foreign and american , are associated with al qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors abdul qadoos khan , a bacteriologist from rawalpindi and aafia siddiqui , phd , from karachi .	mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the pakistani bacteriologist dr. abdul qadoos khan .
aafia	various doctors , both foreign and american , are associated with al qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors abdul qadoos khan , a bacteriologist from rawalpindi and aafia siddiqui , phd , from karachi .	it was khalid mohammed who told authorities about aafia siddiqui , who has a phd from brandeis in neurology .	while it 's not easy to separate fact from fiction , attorney general ashcroft and director mueller have publicly confirmed aafia is still being sought .	her mother ismat last saw aafia and her grandchildren before they left in a minicab at the end of march .	aafia was on her way with her children to visit and uncle and a friend in islamabad .	according to the pakistan reports , aafia siddiqui was detained after being spotted at karachi international airport ( after she was followed to a relative 's house ) .	the family 's lawyer advises me that aafia did not have enough money to pay for airfare tickets for herself and the kids and called ismat from the train station .	aafia never reached the uncle 's house .	the family 's attorney advises me that aafia had no knowledge of chemicals ( and that would not appear to be her training ) .	according to a post she made on the internet , aafia siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with us appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of wtc 1993 plotter ramzi yousef from pakistan .
siddiqui	various doctors , both foreign and american , are associated with al qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors abdul qadoos khan , a bacteriologist from rawalpindi and aafia siddiqui , phd , from karachi .	it was khalid mohammed who told authorities about aafia siddiqui , who has a phd from brandeis in neurology .	according to the pakistan reports , aafia siddiqui was detained after being spotted at karachi international airport ( after she was followed to a relative 's house ) .	there still is a very hot pursuit of the " atta - level " floridian , adnan el shukrijumah , who siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .	according to a post she made on the internet , aafia siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with us appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of wtc 1993 plotter ramzi yousef from pakistan .
microbiologist	microbiologist abdul qadoos khan was charged along with his son , ahmed , for harboring the fugitives .
harboring	microbiologist abdul qadoos khan was charged along with his son , ahmed , for harboring the fugitives .
pre-arrest	as of march 28 , 2003 , he was in a hospital for a cardiac problem and had been granted " pre-arrest bail . "
stipend	yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son ahmed abdul qadoos , who receives a stipend from the un for being officially low - iq due to lead poisoning .
brandeis	it was khalid mohammed who told authorities about aafia siddiqui , who has a phd from brandeis in neurology .
neurology	it was khalid mohammed who told authorities about aafia siddiqui , who has a phd from brandeis in neurology .
nabbed	the pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in karachi after being spotted at the airport in late march or early april 2003 .
understandably	understandably , amerithrax is a confidential investigation .
amerithrax	understandably , amerithrax is a confidential investigation .	as agent van harp , then head of the amerithrax investigation said , the information coming from khalid mohammed is classified with the authorities releasing only certain limited information .
manhunt	the pakistan isi and cia rarely grant press interviews in connection with an ongoing manhunt .	it seems clear to me that the manhunt for high baath officials in the sunni heartland is being done wrong , or at least in ways that are bad for us standing with local iraqis .
ashcroft	while it 's not easy to separate fact from fiction , attorney general ashcroft and director mueller have publicly confirmed aafia is still being sought .	attorney general ashcroft explained that an " either - or " approach is not useful .
ismat	her mother ismat last saw aafia and her grandchildren before they left in a minicab at the end of march .	the family 's lawyer advises me that aafia did not have enough money to pay for airfare tickets for herself and the kids and called ismat from the train station .	that was the last ismat heard from her .
minicab	her mother ismat last saw aafia and her grandchildren before they left in a minicab at the end of march .
airfare	the family 's lawyer advises me that aafia did not have enough money to pay for airfare tickets for herself and the kids and called ismat from the train station .	you need a lot of money for hotels , airfare , seeing the sites , food , local transport - you name it but life costs .	frequent travelers and executives are among the masses that get a lot of discount in the airfare .	it is easy to get discount airfare for them since they travel very frequently .	promotional discount airfare	if you can check with the other airlines during this period , you may get excellent discount airfare , which may even surprise you .
floridian	there still is a very hot pursuit of the " atta - level " floridian , adnan el shukrijumah , who siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .
adnan	there still is a very hot pursuit of the " atta - level " floridian , adnan el shukrijumah , who siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .	a senior doj official reports that adnan has experience as a commercial pilot .	adnan patel@enron	adnan patel
doj	a senior doj official reports that adnan has experience as a commercial pilot .
maati	he may have been seen in hamilton , canada -- along with egyptian al - maati , who apparently also has received pilot training .
preconceptions	the united states truly no longer has time for faulty analysis or politically - based preconceptions .
ressam	it has long been known osama bin laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents ( since the testimony of millennium bomber ahmed ressam ) .
hijacker	us - trained malaysian biochemist yazid sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in january 2000 .	the hijacker ahmed alhaznawi appears to have contracted cutaneous anthrax in afghanistan .	79 - percentage of the 11 september hijackers who came from saudi arabia .	3 = number of 11 september hijackers whose entry visas came through special us - saudi " visa express " programme .	the hijackers were obviously al - qaeda , and no operational links between al - qaeda and iraq had ever been found ) .	( what about 40 al - qaeda bases that had trained the 9/11 hijackers and other terrorists gunning for the united states ?? )
alhaznawi	the hijacker ahmed alhaznawi appears to have contracted cutaneous anthrax in afghanistan .
cutaneous	the hijacker ahmed alhaznawi appears to have contracted cutaneous anthrax in afghanistan .
bumping	it is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in afghanistan .
biolab	( his conclusion may have been based on the fake mobile biolab plans foisted upon the us by the chalabi associate " curveball " , which alibek divined to be identical to russian mobile lab design ) .
foisted	( his conclusion may have been based on the fake mobile biolab plans foisted upon the us by the chalabi associate " curveball " , which alibek divined to be identical to russian mobile lab design ) .
curveball	( his conclusion may have been based on the fake mobile biolab plans foisted upon the us by the chalabi associate " curveball " , which alibek divined to be identical to russian mobile lab design ) .
divined	( his conclusion may have been based on the fake mobile biolab plans foisted upon the us by the chalabi associate " curveball " , which alibek divined to be identical to russian mobile lab design ) .
mukhabarat	the papers found at headquarters of the mukhabarat , iraq 's secret police , show that an entourage from al qaeda group was sent to the iraqi capital in march 1998 from sudan .
wmd	two top iraqi scientists , code named charlie and alpha , are helping the coalition to learn more about iraqi 's anthrax program , according to dr. david kay , head of the iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for wmd .	22 - percentage of americans who believed in may 2003 that saddam had used his wmds on us forces .
daschle	the media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason senators daschle and leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as " liberals . "	zawahiri likely targeted senators daschle and leahy to receive anthrax letters , in addition to various media outlets , because of the appropriations made pursuant to the " leahy law " to military and security forces .	most of the " talking heads " on television , however , knew only that daschle and leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of al qaeda beyond what they read in the us newspapers .
simplistically	the media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason senators daschle and leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as " liberals . "
interferes	al qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the fbi 's involvement in countries like egypt , saudi arabia , pakistan , indonesia , and the philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries .
plotter	us - trained malaysian biochemist yazid sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in january 2000 .	according to a post she made on the internet , aafia siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with us appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of wtc 1993 plotter ramzi yousef from pakistan .	the imprisoned wtc 1993 plotter yousef was ksm 's nephew .
yousef	according to a post she made on the internet , aafia siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with us appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of wtc 1993 plotter ramzi yousef from pakistan .	the imprisoned wtc 1993 plotter yousef was ksm 's nephew .
waiver	in late september 2001 , it was announced that the president was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists .
mubarak	this extradition and imprisonment of al qaeda leaders , along with us support for israel and the mubarak government in egypt , remains foremost in the mind of dr. zawahiri .
returnees	at the height of the development of his biological weapons program , his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the " albanian returnees " case ( now he faces retrial ) .
retrial	at the height of the development of his biological weapons program , his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the " albanian returnees " case ( now he faces retrial ) .
sadat	zawahiri argued instead that they have been active since the assassination of anwar sadat in egypt because of the camp david accord and the resulting peace treaty between egypt and israel .	the anthrax letters were sent on the date of the camp david accord and then the date anwar sadat was assassinated as if to underscore the point to anyone paying attention .
underscore	the anthrax letters were sent on the date of the camp david accord and then the date anwar sadat was assassinated as if to underscore the point to anyone paying attention .	" we are so excited that the white house and the recent new government space policy underscores the need to involve the private sector in assisting nasa develop its plans for the new vision for space exploration , " said walter kistler , lts co-founder and chairman .
enquirer	there is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to ami , the publisher of the national enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to jennifer lopez enclosing a star of david and proposing marriage .	( the letters were to different ami publications -- one to the national enquirer and another to the sun ) .
enclosing	there is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to ami , the publisher of the national enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to jennifer lopez enclosing a star of david and proposing marriage .
gamaa	the former leader of the egyptian al - gamaa al - islamiya ( " islamic group " ) , he was also a spiritual leader of al qaeda .	if you believe crackpot theories instead of focusing on the reality -- that was an al - qaeda operation mainly carried out by al - gamaa al - islamiyyah , an egyptian terrorist component allied with bin laden -- then you will concentrate on the wrong threat .
islamiya	the former leader of the egyptian al - gamaa al - islamiya ( " islamic group " ) , he was also a spiritual leader of al qaeda .
mailed	once one had been received , the next ten , mailed on two separate dates , were easily collected .	an update will be e-mailed , as soon as one is available .	i e-mailed your assistant earlier this morning and have had no response .	i read the civet cat story from a little while ago , and tonight , when my mom emailed me about it , i re-read it , and went to the website with the song the author of the email created .	i emailed you saaaaaam .	i had to call the office of the registrar general in thunder bay , have copies of the delayed registration form mailed out to me , as they do n't have an online area for it yet , fill those out , send them away , then apply for his birth certificate .	also , i was promised to have my test results emailed to me , but it never happened , and after a few attempts to get dr. romanick on the phone to brief me on my condition , i finally gave up and went to a different doctor .	i emailed 4 times , never a response .	i even emailed mackinaw tourist and nothing .	i used to e-mail vince kaminski about the advice on his article " the challenge of pricing and risk managing electricity derivatives " and he had mailed me the copy .
leavenworth	two bombs were also sent to leavenworth , where a key wtc 1993 defendant was imprisoned , addressed to " parole officer . "
mid-february	abdel rahman 's son was captured in quetta , pakistan in mid-february 2003 .
feith	according to the controversial " feith memo , " which summarized purported intelligence showing an iraqi / al qaeda connection , osama bin laden had asked iraqi intelligence for technical assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the al hayat letters were sent .	rumsfeld , wolfowitz and feith staffed the cpa with neoconservatives , most of whom had no administrative experience , no arabic , and no respect for muslim culture ( or knowledge about it ) .
hayat	according to the controversial " feith memo , " which summarized purported intelligence showing an iraqi / al qaeda connection , osama bin laden had asked iraqi intelligence for technical assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the al hayat letters were sent .
missive	just because al qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive .	and this is a direct result of the politically correct , permissive , time out granting bullshit liberal culture that has caused this .
sender	a sender purporting to be islamist sent cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003 in new zealand and ingredients of nerve gas in belgium in 2003 .	the sender probably is announcing that he is of either egyptian islamic jihad , egyptian islamic group or jihad - al qaeda , which is actually the full name of the group after the merger of the egyptian islamic jihad and al qaeda .	if you have received this email in error please notify the sender .	if you are not the intended recipient , please contact the sender and delete all copies .	if you have received this email in error , please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system .	if you have received it in error , please notify the sender immediately and delete the original .	if you received this in error , please contact the sender and delete the material from all computers . "	in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email .	please note that neither the e-mail address nor name of the sender have been verified .
purporting	a sender purporting to be islamist sent cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003 in new zealand and ingredients of nerve gas in belgium in 2003 .
cyanide	a sender purporting to be islamist sent cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003 in new zealand and ingredients of nerve gas in belgium in 2003 .
masterminds	in the very interview in which they admitted 9/11 , and described the codes used for the four targets for the planes , the masterminds admitted to the jenny code , the code for representing the date 9/11 , and used the symbolism of the " green birds . "
faq	a faq on the azzam publications website explained that " in the hearts of green birds " refers to what is inside .
azzam	azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by abdul aziz bin muqrin , an al - qaeda operative in saudi arabia on an islamic website ' the voice of jihad ' , in which he stated that " although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in islam , but in this case it is allowed if muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions " .	a faq on the azzam publications website explained that " in the hearts of green birds " refers to what is inside .
mailer	the mailer 's use of " greendale school " as the return address for the letters to the senators is also revealing .
greendale	the mailer 's use of " greendale school " as the return address for the letters to the senators is also revealing .	by greendale school , the anthrax perp was being cute , just as yazid sufaat was being cute in naming his lab green laboratory medicine .	greendale likely refers to green river valley -- i.e. , cairo 's egyptian islamic jihad or the islamic group .
perp	on the one hand , it should pressure musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " legal framework order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	by greendale school , the anthrax perp was being cute , just as yazid sufaat was being cute in naming his lab green laboratory medicine .	they would have no problem teaching a hegemonic superpower a lesson if the need arose . "
i.e.	greendale likely refers to green river valley -- i.e. , cairo 's egyptian islamic jihad or the islamic group .	1 . the pricing that we have given crra is specific to fuelcell energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , onsi would be a lot more money ) .	i.e. are we covered if we proceed a word with " enron " ?	for banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. u.s. and u.k. branches ) .	what expiration date are you using , i.e. : for monthly call options the 15th of the relevant month , and for daily options ?	he needs more info about these trades ( i.e. , price info ) and would like to talk with you about it .
darunta	at the darunta complex where jihadis trained , recruits would wear green uniforms , except for friday when they were washed .
hadith	in a hadith the messenger of allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the paradise .
sleepers	the public information mostly relates to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large and are being sought .
spadework	zawahiri 's mission in the united states in 1995 was to do spadework for terrorism , not fundraising for charitable causes .
hindsight	second , hindsight is 20 / 20 .
efrem	third , with the " new age " efrem zimbalist , jr. in charge of the investigation , it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security .
zimbalist	third , with the " new age " efrem zimbalist , jr. in charge of the investigation , it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security .
jr.	third , with the " new age " efrem zimbalist , jr. in charge of the investigation , it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security .	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034	10 - number of fellow members from the yale secret society skull and bones that bush has named to important positions ( including the associate attorney general robert mccallum jr. and sec chief bill donaldson ) .
fixation	the fbi 's fixation on hatfill ( at least as rumored by some reporters ) may have stemmed from a warning by one senator that careers hung in the balance .
predisposition	leahy 's chief of staff apparently started with the strong predisposition that some right - winger was involved because two liberal democrats had been targeted .
kristof	a suit against the new york times and columnist nicholas kristof was dismissed in late november 2004 .
coincidental	the hatfill theory ironically might best be understood as an al qaeda theory , with a coincidental malaysian connection adding to the other circumstances .
regrettable	given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion , it is only fair that the fbi leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that dr. hatfill has now been dropped as a suspect if and when that proves to be the case .	from my first encounter at check in to my regrettable check out i found the staff and facility to exceed my expectation .
ppi	he will make sure that we do not request fx and inflation ( cpi , ppi , etc. ) curves when only one of the curves will actually be used in the valuation process and to determine which inflation index is needed .	it is not a high end steak house , more of the cuisine brett enjoys in mississippi .
nonessential	i hope that we can give you some time savings by eliminating any nonessential requests .	exxon mobil released nonessential staff from two giant texas plants .
specifics	i will send the specifics per andre later today .	those who show up with complaints but can not point to specifics are virtually ignored .
underwriting	i am not certain about the needs for the london underwriting / iv group but will request the information from them if you have not done so already .
revalue	please send us the list of the curves that you will need to revalue our international assets for the august board meeting .	" the hardest blow on americans , " concluded roberts , " will fall when china does revalue its currency .
kaminski	vince kaminski	vince kaminski	vince j kaminski@ect	vince kaminski	i used to e-mail vince kaminski about the advice on his article " the challenge of pricing and risk managing electricity derivatives " and he had mailed me the copy .	dear dr. vincent kaminski ,	vince j kaminski
+852	i am working from our hong kong office for this week only ( tel : +852 2545 2710 ) , and i can be contacted by phone there or by email .
2545	i am working from our hong kong office for this week only ( tel : +852 2545 2710 ) , and i can be contacted by phone there or by email .
2710	i am working from our hong kong office for this week only ( tel : +852 2545 2710 ) , and i can be contacted by phone there or by email .	if you have any questions or require any assistance at all , please contact hope duncan at 202.739.0134 or jeff mangold at 703.729.2710 .
annesley	philip annesley conference producer risk waters group +44 20 7484 9866 +44 20 7484 9800 www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus
+44	philip annesley conference producer risk waters group +44 20 7484 9866 +44 20 7484 9800 www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus
7484	philip annesley conference producer risk waters group +44 20 7484 9866 +44 20 7484 9800 www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus
9866	philip annesley conference producer risk waters group +44 20 7484 9866 +44 20 7484 9800 www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus
9800	philip annesley conference producer risk waters group +44 20 7484 9866 +44 20 7484 9800 www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus
www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus	philip annesley conference producer risk waters group +44 20 7484 9866 +44 20 7484 9800 www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus
5/18	beth has made our reservations for the round table friday night ( 5/18 ) at sullivan 's steak house for 6:30 .	beth has made our reservations for the round table friday night ( 5/18 ) at sullivan 's steak house for 6:30 .
6:30	beth has made our reservations for the round table friday night ( 5/18 ) at sullivan 's steak house for 6:30 .	beth has made our reservations for the round table friday night ( 5/18 ) at sullivan 's steak house for 6:30 .	there are three possible dates for the meeting , which i suggest be in two parts -- first , a meeting among the panel only from 5:00 - 6:30 p.m. , and then a dinner with chairman levitt from 6:30 - 8:30 p.m .	6:30 am - 8:00 pm	they were back quickly considering how far outside of murfreesboro we were and had us on our way by 6:30 that evening .
overdue	see you all there - this is ling overdue	see you all there - this is ling overdue	there are only two counterparties at this time who have overdue margin :
fyi	fyi	fyi , see below .	fyi	fyi - see rows 49 - 53 ; columns e - j for our group .	fyi	fyi , we had an instructive rest of the conference call on friday with sue and robbie et al .	fyi .	fyi ...	fyi re : nepco picketing issues .	fyi	fyi .	fyi ,
grad	as the american public gradually wearies of the iraq crisis , some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the us by creating the conditions for anti-american terrorism .	as i mentioned in my voice mail , mike roberts going to hire sara woody , a recent mba grad from rice , into his group .	her high school graduation picture was an aerial photograph .	my kid is making wonderful grades and has reassured me she will graduate within the four year period .	i am still certain that the school is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so i want you to know that i am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	i plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the university of houston this summer and fall to demonstrate to the admissions committee that i can compete at the graduate level .	i am still sure that ut is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so i want you to know that i am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	i plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the university of houston this summer and fall to demonstrate to the admissions office that i can compete at this level .	i am still sure that ut is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so i want you to know that i am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year .	i plan on taking a couple of graduate level finance courses at the university of houston this summer and fall to demonstrate to the admissions office that i can compete at this level .	the associate and analyst programs will be on the penn , undergraduate campus interviewing summer analyst interns next week .	after founders - stanford graduate students sergey brin and larry page presented their project to an angel investor , they received a cheque made out to ' google '	also , from their own webpage , reasons why nasa is important , in a 5th grade format .	he graduated very high in his class , from princeton undergraduate and from law school at yale .	he vacated the fws decision to downgrade the wolf 's status .	200 - number of regulation rollbacks downgrading or weakening environmental laws in bush 's first three years in office .	my name is josalyn leainne creek and i 'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in may adn of this year and i love animals and i 'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister 's deli and i ', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i 'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor 's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i do nt care about how much you guys pay and i 've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama	no one 's going to hire you if you ca n't even spell , especially if you 're a high school graduate .	bumrungrad hospital does some good work but all hospitals do have their problems from time to time .	http://www.bumrungrad.com/en/patient-services/clinics-and-centers/plastic-surgery-thailand-bangkok/breast-augmentation-ba	offer to do extra chores , ask for your pet as a reward for good grades , something like that .	friendliness of staff the liberty and mariner of the seas both get high grades .	i mean when i graduate & yes , college , sorry for the typo .	i 'm two years into an undergraduate degree .	i graduate in the spring , and so we 'd like to go between then and winter .	you have to bring in your own models and they have to pay for you to use them if you do nt then you can graduate !	going back after graduating you r told you get a discount on services nope you do nt .	we got there , and we were treated to the free " upgrade " of a room with two double beds .	since they consider this an upgrade , they let their other rooms fill up and would not change our room .	my 2004 x - type was getting close to 100,000 miles so it was time for an upgrade .	just graduated , just moved , not rich , and starting new job soon .	my son was able to advance a full two grades within 9 months !
admin	but sharon 's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace , and the bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the west bank and gaza .	the bungling of post-war iraq by the bush administration created a weak and failed state .	according to former indian army general a s kalkat , the difficulty for kumaratunga 's government lay in the fact that the ltte had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its control .	it is also far more than what any administration in new delhi can deliver .	but then , even to talk of an " administration " may be misdirection at this point , given how little representative government means in the united states these days , and how much of " national security " has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns .	elena 's title is admin coordinator , and i know that sara should not have this title , and honestly do not think that elena should also .	admin coordinator's do primarily administrative work .	messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain , nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator .	the administration is hell bent on finding a " fall guy . "	the wires have been humming since before the new year with reports that the bush administration is planning an attack on iran .	" the bush administration is preparing its nato allies for a possible military strike against suspected nuclear sites in iran in the new year , according to german media reports , reinforcing similar earlier suggestions in the turkish media , " reported upi on december 30th .	according to linda bilmes of harvard and nobel laureate joseph e. stiglitz of columbia university , the final cost of the iraq occupation will run between $ 1 trillion and $ 2 trillion , surpassing by orders of magnitude the estimates put forth by the bush administration .	george w. bush and his administration have consistently undertaken incredibly dangerous courses of action in order to garner political power on the home front .	recall the multiple terror threats lobbed out by the administration whenever damaging political news appeared in the media .	all arguments that the bush administration would be insane to attack iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth .	0 - number of endangered species voluntarily added by the bush administration since taking office .	5 - number of years the bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could be taken .	31 - number of bush administration appointees who are alumni of the energy industry ( includes four cabinet secretaries , the six most powerful white house officials , and more than 20 other high - level appointees ) .	50 = approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the bush administration on fridays after 5 pm , a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience .	$ 3.7 m - amount the epa valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the bush administration .	270 - estimated number of court decisions citing federal negligence in endangered - species protection that remained unheeded during the first year of the bush administration .	1 - number of bush administration public statements on national security issued between 20 january 2001 and 10 september 2001 that mentioned al - qa'ida .	104 - number of bush administration public statements on national security and defense in the same period that mentioned iraq or saddam hussein .	101 - number of bush administration public statements on national security and defense in the same period that mentioned missile defence .	65 - number of bush administration public statements on national security and defense in the same period that mentioned weapons of mass destruction .	237 - minimum number of misleading statements on iraq made by top bush administration officials between 2002 and january 2004 , according to the california representative henry waxman .	0 - number of coffins of dead soldiers returning home that the bush administration has permitted to be photographed .	$ 46 m - amount the bush administration has budgeted for port security in 2005 .	79 - number of bush 's initial 189 appointees who also served in his father 's administration .	2.3 m - number of americans who lost their jobs during first three years of the bush administration .	57 - percentage of republican federal judges after three years of the bush administration .	visas and study permits are administered by citizenship and immigration canada , and any questions regarding applications should be directed to them .
coordinator's	admin coordinator's do primarily administrative work .
sr.	i suggest that you compare elena and sarah 's duties / level to other sr. spec. in your group such as kenneth parkhill and sevil to determine if they are equivalent , or if their scope of responsibilities and experience is not as broad .
spec.	i suggest that you compare elena and sarah 's duties / level to other sr. spec. in your group such as kenneth parkhill and sevil to determine if they are equivalent , or if their scope of responsibilities and experience is not as broad .
parkhill	i suggest that you compare elena and sarah 's duties / level to other sr. spec. in your group such as kenneth parkhill and sevil to determine if they are equivalent , or if their scope of responsibilities and experience is not as broad .
sevil	i suggest that you compare elena and sarah 's duties / level to other sr. spec. in your group such as kenneth parkhill and sevil to determine if they are equivalent , or if their scope of responsibilities and experience is not as broad .	from madrid to seville to barcelona an valencia .
wonderfully	martin 's box is working wonderfully - i 'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by friday .	i think it is wonderfully responsible that you are going into this rescue eyes open and are getting the opinions of qualified professionals ( and a bunch of yahoos ) before you decide to take this horse on .
enron	this was ( another ) nice deal for enron .	we save $ 21,000 in real money this way , the cash refund sun is giving enron for our other server , using a box that was n't being used by anyone .	who : enron	this is not an enron - sponsored event .	86m - enron net works llc	80y - enron broadband acquisition , inc .	this entity was created in 2000 for the acquistion of warpspeed communications ( now enron warpspeed services , inc. 83n ) , and then dissolved upon completion of merger .	i have a concern that the enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	i have a concern that the enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	chris enron canada corp. suite 1100 , 70 york street toronto , ontario m5j 1s9 416-865-3700	we are in the final stages of this process - where we draft a cover letter for john which will introduce this for inclusion within globalflash ( the enron europe newsletter )	is there an article to be included in an enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under john 's name ( if so , to whom will the letter be sent ) ?	with these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide .	these global standards also should enable enron to expand its business reach more quickly , with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations .	this means that messages initiated at corp and intended for the entire enron organization will not reach any business units outside the corp domain .	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	in all , we received requests for 61 persons outside of enron to host an espeak event .	8 . satisfied enron customers	currently cargill and enron have a 15 mm collateral threshold .	we too , are open to suggestion as the global and enron relationships are very important and a high priority to us .	1 ) edison international - swap with enron europe ltd. ( 2 in total )	2 ) pg&e - swap with enron europe ltd. ( 3 in total )	a currency transaction with enron europe finance & trading limited ( " eeftl " ) as agent for risk management & trading corp. under which either ( a ) for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to buy from eeftl , counterparty shall receive the base currency amount and shall pay the foreign currency amount , or ( b ) for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to sell to eeftl , counterparty shall pay the base currency amount and shall receive the foreign currency amount .	i need to have a form filled out that says i do n't have health insurance coverage through enron .	we have had no contact with the ena / enron mexico commercial or legal people and i do n't want to bust any structuring goals .	i now understand that someone at ena / enron mexico / enron wholesale has signed an epc contract with abb for this project .	however , he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect enron 's interests .	however , he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect enron 's interests .	maybe we ( enron ) could review it tomorrow morning , then send it to fce .
refund	we save $ 21,000 in real money this way , the cash refund sun is giving enron for our other server , using a box that was n't being used by anyone .	his press release following the hearing renewed the call for " refunds . "	at the barton hearing , a liberal democrat ( filner ) and a conservative republican ( hunter ) locked arms in calling for refunds .	in the best case , the clamoring for a " refund " subsides .	robinson said the emergency order allowed the iso to secure refunds should overcharges for electricity be proven to federal officials .	we felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund . "	to add insult to injury , he refused to refund our money .	also , a week after the work , phet called me up to see how my car was running and to let me know that they had accidentally overcharged me for part of the work and wanted to give me a refund for that amount .	when i tried to return it they refused , so i had to leave without a refund and still hungry .
s@p	if you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds , or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the s@p , i 'd listen .
diversification	at some point , i 'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close ?
gapinski	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295
painewebber	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	notice regarding entry of orders and instructions : please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your painewebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by painewebber and painewebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	notice regarding entry of orders and instructions : please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your painewebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by painewebber and painewebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	notice regarding entry of orders and instructions : please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your painewebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by painewebber and painewebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .
inc.	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	this entity was created in 2000 for the acquistion of warpspeed communications ( now enron warpspeed services , inc. 83n ) , and then dissolved upon completion of merger .	i received this draft from niagara mohawk marketing , inc. for our review .	having spoken with dennis goldmann , i am advised that there are currently 2 guaranties in place in the sum of $ 8 m each : one by niagara mohawk holdings inc f / b / o enron , and one by enron inc. f / b / o niagara mohawk energy marketing .	we have received the executed amendment to the subscription agreement with weathertrade , inc. dated march 2 , 2000 .	stephanie , i my preference is to kick their password application back and get them to change it to read something like " cargill ferrous international , a division of cargill , inc. " or " cargill , inc. acting through its cargill ferrous international division " .	cargill ferrous international is the full name of this division and set up as such in gcp with a sub - to - legal link to cargill , inc. per gcp procedure .	stephanie , i my preference is to kick their password application back and get them to change it to read something like " cargill ferrous international , a division of cargill , inc. " or " cargill , inc. acting through its cargill ferrous international division " .	as of january 10 , 2005 , my source of income changed from the mozilla foundation to google , inc. of mountain view , california .	traci warner enron broadband services , inc. phone ( 713 ) 853-3242 cell ( 713 ) 705-7201	these agreements were forwarded to the counterparty , ccng , inc. .	on or about october 6 , 1999 , kelly cloud , senior vice president of ccng , inc. ( 713 ) 235-1972 , called and informed me that the counterparty should be ccgm , l.p. .	vangie mcgilloway constellation power source , inc. ( " cps " ) 111 market place ste 500 baltimore , md 21202 phone 410-468-3798 fax 410-468-3499 email vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail	vijay k. suchdev vice president equity derivatives first union securities , inc. telephone : ( 212 ) 909-0951 facsimile : ( 212 ) 891-5042 email : vijay.suchdev@funb.com < mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com >	marvel consultants , inc. 28601 chagrin blvd. cleveland , ohio 44122 usa email : recruiters@marvelconsultants.com < mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com > phone : 216-292-2855 fax : 216-292-7207	my new address will be : mary hain senior regulatory counsel iso new england inc.one sullivan road holyoke , ma 01040-2841 ( 413 ) 535-4000 mhain@iso-ne.com	it looks like the lunar transportation systems , inc. is visualizing a " space highway " going from the moon to earth ( and back again ) .
713-654-0365	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295
800-553-3119	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295
x365	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295
fax	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	cindy franklin transportation services work : 832.676.3177 fax : 832.676.1329 pager : 1.888.509.3736	radianz 1251 avenue of the americas 7th floor new york , ny 10016 usa phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 email : kyle.jones@radianz.com	anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford , vic 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920	grand hyatt hotel 1000 h street nw washington dc 20001 phone : 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax : 202.637.4781 website : http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html	wyndham washington dc 1400 m street nw washington , dc 20005 phone : 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 fax : 202.785.0786 website : http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm	kriste k. sullivan enron corp. - legal eb 4861 ( 713 ) 853-7557 phone ( 713 ) 646-5847 fax	galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation ( nepco ) 11831 north creek parkway north bothell , wa 98011 usa tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	thomas w. daugherty vice president for spiritual care methodist health care system 6565 fannin street , d - 200 houston , texas 77030-2707 office : 713-793-1429 page : 281-735-5919 cell : 713-819-2784 fax : 713-790-2605	george walker bush switchboard : 202.456.1414 comments : 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461 e-mail : presid...@whitehouse.gov	john staikos direct dial :? 203.961.7523 direct fax :? 203.674.7723 e-mail :? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com	vangie mcgilloway constellation power source , inc. ( " cps " ) 111 market place ste 500 baltimore , md 21202 phone 410-468-3798 fax 410-468-3499 email vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com	i was able to secure a duns # and fed tax id however , i am lacking fax and bank account numbers .
713-654-1281	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295
281-435-0295	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295
ene	i believe ene will continue to be range bound , but in case it is not , i do n't want to forgo 50 % of my option premium .	i have price targets of where i would like to lighten up exposure to ene and will use calls to implement the stategy .	i was looking at the recent pullback in ene and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold .	i 'm not sure that ene @ 75 is the place , but maybe @ 73 .	the position is with the ees mmc east department / wholesale , retail & comm , enron energy services .	benefit auction & raffle for abby freeman	i 'm hearing some pretty depressing stuff from the people i know at ene .
forgo	i believe ene will continue to be range bound , but in case it is not , i do n't want to forgo 50 % of my option premium .	i think it is mine but i forgot to write it in the blue fx book ( i only wrote it in my red book ) .	i 'd forgotten how blown away i was by some of the songs the first time i saw it in ny .	i forgot to tell you that i saw your friend on a re-run jeopardy the other night and i almost called you but it came on at 11:30 .	edit : also i forgot to mention earlier , most ( if not all ) cruise ships also practice lifeboat drills weekly , and it is not uncommon to see them to actually launch the lifeboats into the water as part of their drill when you are in port .	sorry , almost forgot to ask - would it be cheaper to walk - in to these hotels rather than pre book ?	for example , i actually forgot to feed my cat , and they went out of their way to take care of him .	i came in to town for a week and forgot my trainers !	the food was horrible not cooked like it should be , they got the order wrong on a number of occasions , and once forgot about my order .	sorry for not sending it to you earlier ( totally forgot to open my outlook ) .
lighten	which may explain the pattern to their stories : a journey to self - empowerment and the enlightenment of self - sacrifice inspired by the light and wisdom of maryam and massoud .	i have price targets of where i would like to lighten up exposure to ene and will use calls to implement the stategy .	it 's this sort of enlightened self interest that keeps large open source projects alive .	if you know or work there could you enlighten me ?
stategy	i have price targets of where i would like to lighten up exposure to ene and will use calls to implement the stategy .
unexercised	i would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure i have of unexercised vested options .
pullback	i was looking at the recent pullback in ene and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold .
confidentiality	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	******************* internet email confidentiality footer *******************
??????	who cares ??????	monday's starting next week at 4 ???????????????	boy trouble ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
sean.cooper@elpaso.com	please note that effective immediately my email address has changed to sean.cooper@elpaso.com
rescheduled	he just rescheduled to wednesday .	the conference call has been rescheduled for friday , sept. 17 at 9 am ( houston ) which is 11 am ( sao paulo ) .
nymex	are you going to the nymex candidate cocktail hour tuesday ?	are you going to the nymex candidate cocktail hour tuesday ?	we 've received a personal invitation to a nymex crawfish boil on april 3 at 5:00 at garden in the heights at 3926 feagan .	the floating could be tied to a platt 's index or the nymex .
tuesday's	how about tuesday's at 3:30 houston time .	how about tuesday's at 3:30 houston time .
3:30	how about tuesday's at 3:30 houston time .	how about tuesday's at 3:30 houston time .	can we have a meeting this week ( maybe thursday at 3:30 ) to discuss this ?
monday's	monday's starting next week at 4 ???????????????	monday's are always tough .
???????????????	monday's starting next week at 4 ???????????????	boy trouble ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
lavorato	john lavorato has requested the attached report .	it is imperative that all of the information on the attached file is accurate , including titles , as this information is being given directly to john lavorato and louise kitchen .	dear mr. lavorato :
asap	i would like to get this done asap .	you should reply asap .	therefore , i need to know asap if there are any problems with the draft as written .	therefore , i need to know asap if there are any problems with the draft as written .	can you get it signed asap and back to me .	if there are any objections you need to get back to me asap .	will confirm testing schedule and delivery dates with ultrasonic asap .	get those out asap too .	they need to update the locker rooms asap .	phil if you could please make copies and distribute asap .	plz bring your dog to the vet asap !!!
47,500	current salary : $ 47,500	peter makkai strong $ 47,500
eg.	secondly , he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. paul thomas , jason choate , todd decook and peter makkai .
choate	secondly , he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. paul thomas , jason choate , todd decook and peter makkai .	jason choate excellent $ 60,008
decook	secondly , he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. paul thomas , jason choate , todd decook and peter makkai .	todd decook strong $ 42,008
makkai	secondly , he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. paul thomas , jason choate , todd decook and peter makkai .	peter makkai strong $ 47,500
valdes	maria valdes superior $ 62,500
62,500	maria valdes superior $ 62,500
55,008	paul thomas excellent $ 55,008
60,008	jason choate excellent $ 60,008
42,008	todd decook strong $ 42,008
oxley	let me know your thoughts .... then i will run it by oxley .
feb.	transmission expansion and systems in transition conference feb. 5 - 8 , 2002 , miami , florida	sign - up lists will be available at the services on feb. 27 and march 6 , or you can email me .	boulder , co , feb. 23 ( upi ) --
ferc	this conference will examine the business and regulatory challenges to u.s. electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under ferc 's rto initiatives .	it will analyze emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing , including market - based pricing alternatives to ferc 's traditional pricing methods .	in some respects i do n't think the first panel could have gone much better ; everyone thanked ferc for intervening ( though for different reasons ) .	paul kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the ferc meeting that was held thursday , nov. 9th .	the ferc order tomorrow is likely to alter the points somewhat .	we are receiving invoices from ace federal reporters for transcripts of the recent ferc settlement conferences .	as an outgrowth of the meeting leslie and i had with scott and hunter a couple of weeks ago , we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of ferc gas activities , and possibly electric activities , in a format that can be linked to the fundamentals intranet site used by the traders .	the utilities repeatedly called on ferc to do a " real " investigation , with hearings , testimony , data discovery --- the works .	on the positive side , the ferc commissioners lauded wolak , his analysis , and his remarks on the panel .	teco tap 108.333 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron	teco tap 85.000 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron	teco tap 32.500 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron
rto	this conference will examine the business and regulatory challenges to u.s. electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under ferc 's rto initiatives .
brochure	the brochure for the conference and associated workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below : < http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>
http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf	the brochure for the conference and associated workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below : < http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>
<<	the brochure for the conference and associated workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below : < http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>	- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>	- enrongss.xls << file : enrongss.xls >>	- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>	- enrongss.xls << file : enrongss.xls >>	- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>	- enrongss.xls << file : enrongss.xls >>	<< stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc >>	<< blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc >>	<< compaq.com - notebook.url >>	mary << meh-risk oct 20 >>	<< meh-risk oct 20 >>	<< meh-risk oct 20 >>	<< file : ineos.xls >>	<< enron - uc master agreement - 0308.doc >>	<< file : tabors conflict letter alberta export 050901.doc >>	<< alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc >>	<< alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>	- alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc << file : alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc >>	- alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc << file : alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>	<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>	- brenner , ursula j.doc << file : brenner , ursula j.doc >>	<< file : 220b - dg - agreement for recruiting services.doc >> << file : 220a dg - agreement for contract services.doc >>	<< ole object : picture ( device independent bitmap ) >>	<< 1%p701!.doc >>	<< pg&e gas accord ii settlement proposal 12-20-00.doc >> << proposed gas rule 27.doc >> << cos & rates workpapers for ga ii 12-20-2000 proposal.xls >>	<< file : questar so trails hub interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>	<< file : questar so trails hub interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>	<< upon the sixth of april , alexander the great was born .	<< in " love 's labour 's lost " we find a character don adriana de armatho , full of affection and bombast .	<< there were no jews in england to speak of in the 1590's .	<< doctor roderigo lopez ( 1525 - 1594 ) was the portugese jewish doctor accused by essex of trying to poison queen elizabeth .
>>	the brochure for the conference and associated workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below : < http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>	- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>	- enrongss.xls << file : enrongss.xls >>	- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>	- enrongss.xls << file : enrongss.xls >>	- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>	- enrongss.xls << file : enrongss.xls >>	<< stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc >>	<< blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc >>	<< compaq.com - notebook.url >>	mary << meh-risk oct 20 >>	<< meh-risk oct 20 >>	<< meh-risk oct 20 >>	<< file : ineos.xls >>	<< enron - uc master agreement - 0308.doc >>	<< file : tabors conflict letter alberta export 050901.doc >>	<< alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc >>	<< alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>	- alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc << file : alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc >>	- alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc << file : alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>	<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>	- brenner , ursula j.doc << file : brenner , ursula j.doc >>	<< file : 220b - dg - agreement for recruiting services.doc >> << file : 220a dg - agreement for contract services.doc >>	<< ole object : picture ( device independent bitmap ) >>	<< 1%p701!.doc >>	<< pg&e gas accord ii settlement proposal 12-20-00.doc >> << proposed gas rule 27.doc >> << cos & rates workpapers for ga ii 12-20-2000 proposal.xls >>	<< file : questar so trails hub interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>	<< file : questar so trails hub interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>	neither was this day less fortunate to his father philip ; for on the same day he took potidea ; >> - john aubrey , f.r.s.	this parody on perez ' sobriquet clearly identifies perez with armatho . >>	to be sure , both lopez & perez were conversos -- but they were thought of in england as being , as they undoubtedly were , at least ethnically , jews . >>	<< " i have told you , friend , " said the curate , " that this is done to divert our idle thoughts ; and as in well - ordered states games of chess , fives , and billiards are allowed for the diversion of those who do not care , or are not obliged , or are unable to work , so books of this kind are allowed to be printed , on the supposition that , what indeed is the truth , there can be nobody so ignorant as to take any of them for true stories ; >>
969	the f - 102 saw service in the vietnam theater between march 1962 and december 1969 .	according to records released earlier this year , bush earned 253 points in his first year , may 1968 to may 1969 ( since he joined in may 1968 , his service thereafter was measured on a may - to - may basis ) .	bush earned 340 points in 1969 - 1970 .	[ in other words , bush earned enough points to satisfy the requirements for his entire six year hitch in 1969 - 1970 alone .	i need to check something in 969 's 2000 tax return .	who has the 2000 tax return file for 969 ?
essie	essie	essie and leon have proposed xferring co. 1691 to your world ( see below ) .	if you have not already made these decisions , essie 's guidance should be helpful .	essie	essie ,	essie and leon have proposed xferring co. 1691 to your world ( see below ) .	if you have not already made these decisions , essie 's guidance should be helpful .	essie	essie ,
07/30/2001	07/30/2001 05:17 pm
05:17	07/30/2001 05:17 pm
bitmap	< embedded picture ( device independent bitmap ) >	< embedded picture ( device independent bitmap ) >	<< ole object : picture ( device independent bitmap ) >>
st.	where : the front porch 217 gray st. ( 713 ) 571-9571	this friday - michael goes for a visit at st. francis , which may be his new school ( so far , so good ) .	sat. sept. 23 - drive to st. tropez - through nice , cannes & other coastal towns , check - in mid afternoon	sun. sept. 24 - st. tropez	mon. sept. 25 - st. tropez	st. petersburg ?	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	where : 550 west c st. ( b/t columbia & india ) suite 1810 law offices of levine , steinberg , miller & huver 619-231-9449	the mysterious raphael holinshed was named for the mysterious neoplatonic italian painter raphael sanzio who painted _ st. george fighting the dragon _ ( 1504 - 06 )	clement 's st. methodius dies : april 6 , 884 monday	i visited london , edinburgh , and st. andrew s so far , and i was treated very well and with great kindness .	itinerary both ships go to caribbean islands like jamaica , grand cayman , cozumel , st. thomas , the bahamas and st. martin / st. maarten .	the are located right at 248 de than st. in the heart of the back packer district .	i do n't live in lake st. louis anymore , but deliveries were always correct and the service courteous .	i urge all st. thomas the apostle parishioners and all of south florida residents to come see gus !!!	lovely nails on cayuga st. in lewiston , ny	the complaint , filed with the united states department of housing and urban development , accuses hano of violating a 2003 enforcement agreement entered into between former st. thomas housing development residents , the city of new orleans , hano , and the u.s. department of housing and urban development during the hope vi redevelopment of st. thomas , now known as river garden .	the current complaints allege that hano has not provided qualified former st. thomas residents a preference with respect to available public housing units at river garden per the 2003 agreement .
713	http://www.guardian.co.uk/obituaries/story/0,3604,1371372,00.html	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	where : the front porch 217 gray st. ( 713 ) 571-9571	leon branom senior tax analyst networks and services ( 713 ) 345-8702 office leon.branom@enron.com	call in # : 888-422-7132	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	if you have any problems or questions , please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696 .	if you have any problems or questions , please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696 .	joy powell executive assistant to richard everett 713/871-5119	please call me 713-853-4743	ben taub hospital is located at 1504 taub loop , houston , texas , phone number : 713-793-2000 .?	please do not hesitate to contact either francisco pinto - leite , senior counsel ( 713/345-7942 ; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com ) or me with any questions or comments .	marcelo l. meira sr it developer enron networks - houston , tx ( 713 ) 345-3436	marcelo l. meira sr it developer enron networks - houston , tx ( 713 ) 345-3436	peter percell 10030 doliver drive percell@swbell.net houston , tx 77042-2016 ( 713 ) 532-3836 voice & fax	cindy 713/853-6197	please contact sherri sera ( 713/853-5984 ) or bill dorsey ( 713/646-6505 ) for the weekly dial - in number and passcode .	kriste k. sullivan enron corp. - legal eb 4861 ( 713 ) 853-7557 phone ( 713 ) 646-5847 fax	the call in number is 800.713.8600 .	the call in number is 800.713.8600 .	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
571-9571	where : the front porch 217 gray st. ( 713 ) 571-9571
ebs	why : today is john 's last day at ebs .	the next 5 companies were my responsibility while in ebs , and did not get assigned during the reorg .	1579 - ebs network co. division of 17h .	1691 - epi - ebs europe	1689 - epi - ebs ventures , llc	angie buis ebs - tax x-37097
xferring	essie and leon have proposed xferring co. 1691 to your world ( see below ) .	essie and leon have proposed xferring co. 1691 to your world ( see below ) .
co.	essie and leon have proposed xferring co. 1691 to your world ( see below ) .	1579 - ebs network co. division of 17h .	essie and leon have proposed xferring co. 1691 to your world ( see below ) .	do n't make peters and co. wait .	seems like a good idea to keep the heat on hoecker & co. right up until nov. 1 .
1691	essie and leon have proposed xferring co. 1691 to your world ( see below ) .	1691 - epi - ebs europe	no problem about moving company 1691 over	essie and leon have proposed xferring co. 1691 to your world ( see below ) .
vicsandra	vicsandra	vicsandra
x35172	patty lee corporate tax x35172 eb 1774	patty lee corporate tax x35172 eb 1774
eb	why : today is john 's last day at ebs .	patty lee corporate tax x35172 eb 1774	the next 5 companies were my responsibility while in ebs , and did not get assigned during the reorg .	1579 - ebs network co. division of 17h .	1691 - epi - ebs europe	1307 - ebic - apache , llc	1689 - epi - ebs ventures , llc	patty lee corporate tax x35172 eb 1774	the place : eb 3143c	the place : eb 3143c	conference call with coned at 1:00 today in sara 's office - eb 3801a .	angie buis ebs - tax x-37097	kriste k. sullivan enron corp. - legal eb 4861 ( 713 ) 853-7557 phone ( 713 ) 646-5847 fax	thursday , 23rd august 3.30 pm - 5.30 pm ( eb 46c1 ) .	i assume we should come over eb .	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	we will meeting rod 's office eb 4054	becky a. stephens litigation unit , enron corp. 713/853-5025 eb 4809	sara shackleton enron wholesale services 1400 smith street , eb 3801a houston , tx 77002 ph : ( 713 ) 853-5620 fax : ( 713 ) 646-3490
18t	18t - ei indonesia operations llc
ei	ramtanu maitra writes for a number of international journals and is a regular contributor to the washington - based eir and the new delhi - based indian defense review .	18t - ei indonesia operations llc	i might also add a few items about international developments and the eei physical power trading form .	i believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the mark taylor at ei ( based in london ) .	if you still have it , can you send it to him at " mark ei.london taylor " ?	i have faxed to you the form of bond , our proposed bond provisions and the eei master .	once we agree on the list , we can sign the eei master .	does attachment a to the select eei master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version ?	as far as the eei goes , the only remaining issue that i 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the loc ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	i fucking hate this place every time i go this hot chick shows up and i mean really hot but she is like reaaaally dumb and then their is this other chick that is realy ugly but she is like super smart she could be a scientist , but then their is this stoner who always comes here high and he always brings his fucking dog who is so high from the second hand smoke i think he is trying to talk .	their grill dishes are out ta this world and sushi is just fabulous !!!!	with a smirk on her face she told me no money is being returned and that is the way it was .
hyperion	this entity is not in tis , sap , nor hyperion .
liabilities	the 2000 tax return has no income , assets , or liabilities .	company is around with a small amount of assets and liabilities , but no i/s items .
86m	86m - enron net works llc
mtm	despite the name , this entity appears to be a mtm company .	per september financials , this company has about $ 3 m of mtm and about $ 8 k of expenses , nothing else .	the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account
financials	per september financials , this company has about $ 3 m of mtm and about $ 8 k of expenses , nothing else .
reorg	the next 5 companies were my responsibility while in ebs , and did not get assigned during the reorg .
80y	80y - enron broadband acquisition , inc .
acquistion	this entity was created in 2000 for the acquistion of warpspeed communications ( now enron warpspeed services , inc. 83n ) , and then dissolved upon completion of merger .
warpspeed	this entity was created in 2000 for the acquistion of warpspeed communications ( now enron warpspeed services , inc. 83n ) , and then dissolved upon completion of merger .
83n	this entity was created in 2000 for the acquistion of warpspeed communications ( now enron warpspeed services , inc. 83n ) , and then dissolved upon completion of merger .	83n is my responsibility .	i think this entity should stay with 83n .
i/s	company is around with a small amount of assets and liabilities , but no i/s items .
1579	1579 - ebs network co. division of 17h .
17h	1579 - ebs network co. division of 17h .	i think this could go to either holding / administrative companies ( same as 17h ) or network & services ( leon ) .
epi	1691 - epi - ebs europe	1689 - epi - ebs ventures , llc
centralize	set up last month to centralize merchant asset activities .	set up last month to centralize merchant asset activities .
1179	broke out the activities of 1179 .	a similar entity ( 1179 ) was assigned to commodity and trade ( todd richards and mary fischer ) so this one should be assigned to them as well .	sheridan titman department of finance college of business administration university of texas austin , texas 78712-1179 512-232-2787 ( phone ) 512-471-5073 ( fax ) titman@mail.utexas.edu
1307	1307 - ebic - apache , llc	broke out the activities of 1307 .	same as 1307 .
ebic	1307 - ebic - apache , llc
vof	rolls up to cherokee finance vof , a cfc .	cherokee finance vof is assigned to north america ( glen walloch and kevin walker ) .
cfc	rolls up to cherokee finance vof , a cfc .
walloch	cherokee finance vof is assigned to north america ( glen walloch and kevin walker ) .	it should be assigned to north america ( glen walloch and kevin walker ) .
branom	leon branom senior tax analyst networks and services ( 713 ) 345-8702 office leon.branom@enron.com
345-8702	leon branom senior tax analyst networks and services ( 713 ) 345-8702 office leon.branom@enron.com
leon.branom@enron.com	leon branom senior tax analyst networks and services ( 713 ) 345-8702 office leon.branom@enron.com
signac	i was originally inquiring about purchasing a cross or signac impressionist lithograph .
impressionist	i was originally inquiring about purchasing a cross or signac impressionist lithograph .	other impressionist or post impressionist lithos
lithograph	i was originally inquiring about purchasing a cross or signac impressionist lithograph .	the highly coloured lithograph of the faithful hero seemed to look dimly , in the light of one candle , at the man with no faith in anything except the truth of his own sensations .
lichtenstein	by the way the lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent .
appel	i have also purchased an appel in the last month .
outrageously	i also realize that some may not have done any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive .	boutique stores dealing in children 's clothing / gifts are often outrageously priced ( who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie ? )
rothko	for example , i would like to know if rothko or kline did any work on paper .	rothko
kline	for example , i would like to know if rothko or kline did any work on paper .	kline
bonnard	bonnard ( colorful only )
lautrec	lautrec
suerat	suerat ( any works on paper ? -
lithos	other impressionist or post impressionist lithos
braque	braque
arp	arp
rouault	rouault
modrian	modrian
motherwell	motherwell
re-looking	by the way , i am interested in re-looking at a picasso ( although we have 2 ) that your gallery had a couple of years ago .
cubist	it was a cubist piece from the 1920s and i believe you called the technique a " push wa " ( pronunciation vs an attempt at the proper spelling ) .
matisse	also i am still thinking about the matisse we discussed before but as you can see , i have a lot of other artists i am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one .
burner	also i am still thinking about the matisse we discussed before but as you can see , i have a lot of other artists i am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one .	i use propane with a blower and a burner i built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm
huskers	huskers drool over sooners .	huskers rule , sooners drool .
drool	huskers drool over sooners .	huskers rule , sooners drool .
sooners	huskers drool over sooners .	huskers rule , sooners drool .	sooners rule .
rice@enron	ken rice@enron communications	ken rice@enron communications	ken rice@enron communications	ken rice@enron communications
01/19/2001	01/19/2001 09:14 am	01/19/2001 07:24 am	01/19/2001 07:24 am
09:14	01/19/2001 09:14 am	08/01/2001 09:14 am
mcconnell@ect	mike mcconnell@ect
01/19/01	01/19/01 07:55 am
07:55	01/19/01 07:55 am
07:24	01/19/2001 07:24 am	01/19/2001 07:24 am
postpone	ariel sharon 's aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied west bank and his indefinite postponement of any palestinian state have created unprecedented rage and violence .	i may have to postpone again , i 'll let you know later this morning .	i may have to postpone again , i 'll let you know later this morning .	i was to see that the doors were open and the signal of a green or white light in a window which faced the drive was to give notice if all was safe or if the attempt had better be postponed .	the wedding had to be postponed as family members fled the outbreak of the war , she said .
galleryfurniture.com	ps your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games ( when i found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in shreveport ( i ca n't remember the name of it )) i realized he is a very , very sick college football fan .	ps your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games ( when i found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in shreveport ( i ca n't remember the name of it )) i realized he is a very , very sick college football fan .
))	ps your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games ( when i found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in shreveport ( i ca n't remember the name of it )) i realized he is a very , very sick college football fan .	ps your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games ( when i found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in shreveport ( i ca n't remember the name of it )) i realized he is a very , very sick college football fan .
intial	jeff , here is the intial draft .
wording	i have n't even changed the wording after i first put it down .	s&s has again asked about the gtee and l/c wording .	joe asked that you fax the revised gtee wording that has been agreed ( i believe it was our agreeing to reduce the claim period from 15 days down to 5 ) and the new l/c wording ( drops the 2 day period to replace an l/c with a different bank if the first refuses to pay ) .	she was instructed to destroy the agreement and another would be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and re-wording of section 7 .
calendars	i will put this on our calendars .	the subpoenas will force those involved , including winter , to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee , and to turn over e-mails , personal calendars and memos .
compaq	too bad you wo n't make the compaq thing , but maybe next year .	this means we wo n't be in town for the compaq thing .	<< compaq.com - notebook.url >>	- compaq.com - notebook.url	thought you 'd like to know that the dixie chicks are coming back to houston dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the compaq center ... it 's all about you and your needs .	amy cornell compaq cpcg marketing p : 281-518-9526 f : 281-518-1081 amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com > >	compaq	the game is at 12 : sat @ compaq center .	the game is at 12 : sat @ compaq center .
menger	we stayed at the menger and had a great time .
mann@enron	kay mann@enron
09/20/2000	09/20/2000 04:18 pm	09/20/2000 03:22 pm	09/20/2000 09:32 am
04:18	09/20/2000 04:18 pm
445	most fridays i 'm going to try to pick michael up since i 'm away so much , which means leaving by 445 or so .
ena	october 4 , ena orientation in the am .	we have been able to keep ena 's direct group expenses flat year on year , we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well .	i 'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ena tabs agreement .	these have been compared against the draft dated 11/8/2000 , and include ena 's accepted changes per your ( a ) faxed comments transmitted to ena on january 5 , 2001 , and ( b ) e-mail comments transmitted to ena on january 19th , 2001 .	" calculation of floating amount : the floating amount payable by [ ena ] on a payment date will be calculated for that payment date as follows :	" other provisions : on each payment date , [ ena ] shall pay [ a fee of ] [ an amount equal to ] usd { 38,000 ? ] , which amount shall be subject to the netting provisions of the [ master agreement - how do you refer to the agreement ? ] "	" calculation of floating amount : the floating amount payable by [ ena ] on a payment date will be calculated for that payment date as follows :	peggy banczak is the ena lawyer who handles mexico .	we have had no contact with the ena / enron mexico commercial or legal people and i do n't want to bust any structuring goals .	our project manager ( scott laidlaw ) and engineer ( harry okabayashi ) want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering services on this project to support the ena work .	i now understand that someone at ena / enron mexico / enron wholesale has signed an epc contract with abb for this project .	attached for your further handling is the draft form deemed isda between ena and ispat mexicana s.a. de c.v .	did you get a chance to find those gtc's for ena that you can forward this way ?	tom byargeon , kevin miller and ken loch in ena are working with producers in the us involved in deep water offshore louisiana / texas oil and gas drilling projects .	this financing activity was primarily started to help ena secure long term well head and pipeline natural gas supplies to supplement the gas trading desk activities .	enron total gain not counting ena 's trading desk margin is $ 1,922,000	i have attempted to incorporate the changes that jim has incorporated in our long form power agreement which ena has suggested to date into the short form .	in the three years i have been here , i am unaware of an ena / ect bad faith claim against any insurance company .	bruce indicated nimo short listed five companies who all bid higher than ena .	if you are located in london , calgary , toronto , omaha , new york , portland ( ena ) or houston , you can access the live event at http://home.enron.com/employeemeeting .	please clarify " all " do you intend 10mm for ena as well ?	as you see it was ces acquired by ena in asset purchase .	as you can see there are several blanks concerning administrative information for ena upstream .	i just wanted to follow up on whether you will have a chance to send a draft credit support annex ( similar in form to the one previously executed with ena ) .	per the memo , ena 's storage account will be reduced by 420,588 mmbtu !!!!!!	please start using the ena dpr 0102 file rather than the ews dpr 2002 file to send to chris .
spouses	it is the officer 's meeting for enterprise , and spouses are invited .
loi	sploid.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction : http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php	i have a couple of questions so i can wrap up the loi :	i have a couple of questions so i can wrap up the loi :	in my opinion , we should show crra a copy of the loi with the assumption that the development agreement is attached .	i would actually send them the draft development agreement a couple days after the loi .	based on how crra reacts , i would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the loi .
optionality	i have a concern that the enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	i have a concern that the enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	1 . the short forms do not contain the optionality relating to our performing billing services -- all of our midmarket forms anticipate that we will act as customer 's billing agent and that we will collect all amounts due related to t&d and the like from the customer ( and reflect same on our invoice ) and pass those amounts on to the customer 's utility .
epc	do we expect to have one epc contract , or several ?	do we expect to have one epc contract , or several ?	on the issue of the contracts , the draft says that the $ 170 m is paid when the epc contract is signed .	are we expecting that the portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual epc contracts are signed ?	3 . i expect at least one epc contract per project .	i now understand that someone at ena / enron mexico / enron wholesale has signed an epc contract with abb for this project .	fyi re : nepco picketing issues .	mike indivero , i understand that mr. mike croall 's release date from nepco is oct 31 , 2001 .	galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation ( nepco ) 11831 north creek parkway north bothell , wa 98011 usa tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com	the guaranty for the ppa is blacklined against the enron epc contract guaranty in favor of the banks which was granted in connection with our cabazon wind power project ( the project most recently financed by ewc ) and the gpsa guaranty is blacklined against the ppa guaranty .
attributable	are we expecting that the portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual epc contracts are signed ?
crra	1 . the pricing that we have given crra is specific to fuelcell energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , onsi would be a lot more money ) .	in order to mark any 2000 income , we will need to get crra to execute the development agreement in 2000 .	in my opinion , we should show crra a copy of the loi with the assumption that the development agreement is attached .	based on how crra reacts , i would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the loi .
fuelcell	1 . the pricing that we have given crra is specific to fuelcell energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , onsi would be a lot more money ) .
onsi	1 . the pricing that we have given crra is specific to fuelcell energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , onsi would be a lot more money ) .
jacoby@ect	sent by : ben jacoby@ect
tommorow	mom 's birthday is tommorow .	give him a call tommorow .
mcdermott	michael mcdermott < michael.mcdermott@spectrongroup.com > on 06/01/2000 06:00:56 am	michael j. mcdermott mjmcdermott@hotmail.com
michael.mcdermott@spectrongroup.com	michael mcdermott < michael.mcdermott@spectrongroup.com > on 06/01/2000 06:00:56 am
06/01/2000	michael mcdermott < michael.mcdermott@spectrongroup.com > on 06/01/2000 06:00:56 am
06:00:56	michael mcdermott < michael.mcdermott@spectrongroup.com > on 06/01/2000 06:00:56 am
`s	yo mama `s so fat ....	her driver `s license says " picture continued on other side . "	yo mama `s so fat , all the restaurants in town have signs that say : " maximum occupancy : 240 patrons or yo mama " yo mama `s so fat , when she ran away , they had to use all four sides of the milk carton .	yo mama `s so fat , instead of levis 501 jeans , she wears levi`s 1002`s .	yo mama `s so fat , when she gets in an elevator , it has to go down .	yo mama `s so fat , she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth .	yo mama `s so fat , she `s got smaller fat women orbiting around her .	yo mama `s so fat , she could sell shade .
hauls	your mama is so fat : when she hauls ass she has to make two trips .
mayonnaise	she puts mayonnaise on aspirin . ( <- clearly the winner )	oh , and salad cream , not mayonnaise , on the coleslaw .
aspirin	she puts mayonnaise on aspirin . ( <- clearly the winner )	2005 could find you doing well career-wise - and aspiring to climb even higher .
<-	she puts mayonnaise on aspirin . ( <- clearly the winner )	---->===}*{===<----	---->===}*{===<----
lifeguard	her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard .
occupancy	yo mama `s so fat , all the restaurants in town have signs that say : " maximum occupancy : 240 patrons or yo mama " yo mama `s so fat , when she ran away , they had to use all four sides of the milk carton .
carton	yo mama `s so fat , all the restaurants in town have signs that say : " maximum occupancy : 240 patrons or yo mama " yo mama `s so fat , when she ran away , they had to use all four sides of the milk carton .
levis	yo mama `s so fat , instead of levis 501 jeans , she wears levi`s 1002`s .
levi`s	yo mama `s so fat , instead of levis 501 jeans , she wears levi`s 1002`s .
1002`s	yo mama `s so fat , instead of levis 501 jeans , she wears levi`s 1002`s .
:-)	you will have to wait and see :-)	my opinion - take it for what it 's worth . :-)	thx :-)	like ben , i will still be very much involved with the mozilla project and community :-)	please join our growing family !!!! :-)	so , i 'm men and love to wear women 's lingerie :-) .	:-)	amy :-)	yes you can carry your duty free bottles , and liquids onto your connection as it is only a domestic flight :-)
co-workers	poll your co-workers .	his co-workers love him .	i go in about every morning to get bagels for myself or my co-workers and the employees at max 's are great !!	i normally do n't write reviews but seeing that i considered dillards a distinguished , upscale place to shop , this one wo n't be getting my business , nor my family 's , nor my co-workers .
formality	he said they are looking for people and based on what i told him an interview was a formality .
974-6721	jai hawker 974-6721
thanx	thanx ,	thanx ,
nx3	will you please run a june nx3 / nx1 for our book .
nx1	will you please run a june nx3 / nx1 for our book .
11:30	how about meeting at 11:30 or 12 ?	time : 11:30 am / 1:30 pm central / 2:30 pm eastern	i forgot to tell you that i saw your friend on a re-run jeopardy the other night and i almost called you but it came on at 11:30 .	when : wednesday , september 19 , 2001 10:30 am - 11:30 am ( gmt - 08:00 ) pacific time ( us & canada ) ; tijuana .	10:30 - 11:30 pst
3-1663	cd 3-1663
spel	it was a cubist piece from the 1920s and i believe you called the technique a " push wa " ( pronunciation vs an attempt at the proper spelling ) .	hopefully he did n't spel anyting incorrectly .	- 5 for spelling ,	i should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - i mean it 's such a common spelling .	jeez , work on your spelling and punctuation .	no one 's going to hire you if you ca n't even spell , especially if you 're a high school graduate .	we 've got a steven , the one word that did n't crash my spell - check , despite it being followed by a vikash chand abdul shakur .	i 've got some friends at duke and dynegy from b - school , the gianoucous ( spelling ?? ) brothers ( john and dimitri ? from elementary school ) started their own outfit a while back , and my old man is at schlumberger and has good contacts in general ( if you are n't married to a trading environment ) .
anyting	hopefully he did n't spel anyting incorrectly .
kelowna	give me a call tuesday afternoon to discuss ( gone to kelowna golfing for the weekend ) .
golfing	give me a call tuesday afternoon to discuss ( gone to kelowna golfing for the weekend ) .
resond	i 'll send it as soon as you resond wether i should or not .
corp.	chris enron canada corp. suite 1100 , 70 york street toronto , ontario m5j 1s9 416-865-3700	a currency transaction with enron europe finance & trading limited ( " eeftl " ) as agent for risk management & trading corp. under which either ( a ) for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to buy from eeftl , counterparty shall receive the base currency amount and shall pay the foreign currency amount , or ( b ) for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to sell to eeftl , counterparty shall pay the base currency amount and shall receive the foreign currency amount .	perhaps jim armogida can assist in revising them as i am sure he is more familiar with the way enron corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are .	kriste k. sullivan enron corp. - legal eb 4861 ( 713 ) 853-7557 phone ( 713 ) 646-5847 fax	amount of benefit payments reads " the value of the shares , and resulting payment amount will be based on the closing price of enron corp. common stock on the january 1 before the date of payment , and such payment shall be made in shares of enron corp. common stock . "	becky a. stephens litigation unit , enron corp. 713/853-5025 eb 4809
m5j	chris enron canada corp. suite 1100 , 70 york street toronto , ontario m5j 1s9 416-865-3700
1s9	chris enron canada corp. suite 1100 , 70 york street toronto , ontario m5j 1s9 416-865-3700
416-865-3700	chris enron canada corp. suite 1100 , 70 york street toronto , ontario m5j 1s9 416-865-3700
devries	paul devries - director 416-865-3703
416-865-3703	paul devries - director 416-865-3703
416-865-3704	jan wilson - manager 416-865-3704
nwp	attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the x ( nwp and pgt ) .
pgt	attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the x ( nwp and pgt ) .
sushi	sushi tonight ?	i googled restaurants in the area and fuji sushi came up and reviews were great so i made a carry out order of : l 17 .	my family loves coming to endo sushi . they are very nice , it is never crowded , and the food is wonderful , very delicious and fresh !	if you can not park in the lot , then you can park in the shopping center 's garage , and walk up to endo sushi .	it 's now called sushi lover .	the setting feels like a sushi bar in nyc ; small , cozy , but with flair .
26/09/2000	26/09/2000 14:14
14:14	26/09/2000 14:14	traci warner@enron communications on 08/16/2000 03:14:14 pm
fernley	fernley / sally
globalflash	we are in the final stages of this process - where we draft a cover letter for john which will introduce this for inclusion within globalflash ( the enron europe newsletter )
meagan	meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in january -- national charity league senior presentation ( big dance that she and i are committed to help with ) , the bearkadette ball and a winter party for cotillion .
bearkadette	meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in january -- national charity league senior presentation ( big dance that she and i are committed to help with ) , the bearkadette ball and a winter party for cotillion .
cotillion	meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in january -- national charity league senior presentation ( big dance that she and i are committed to help with ) , the bearkadette ball and a winter party for cotillion .
!!	saturday probably works better for me , just so that i am back in houston and doing laundry by sunday afternoon !!	and i bet she 's on the phone with shemin too !!!	that will ensure that i wo nt take up too much of your time !!	makes me want to race !!!	must be nice having money !!	congratulations !!!!!!!	emma is fine , too - very well !!	thanks !!	why does it always have to be my deals ...?!!!	with your help , we know she can do it !!	this is an event you do n't want to miss !!	make thousands !!! --	this is not a scam !!!	well guess what !!!	within seven days , i started getting money in the mail !!	i was shocked !!	by the end of the second week i had made a total of more than $ 1000.00 !!	in the third week i had more than $ 10,000.00 and it 's still growing !!	it 's certainly worth $ 6.00 and six stamps , and i have spent more than that on the lottery without ever winning !!!	i promise you that if you follow the directions exactly that you will start making more money than you thought possible by doing something so easy !!	suggestion : read this entire message carefully !!	follow the simple directions and watch the money come in !!	and , your investment is only $ 6.00 ( plus postage ) !!!	this is not a rip - off , it is decent ; it 's legal ; and it is virtually no risk - it really works !!	this is absolutely legal !!!! !	you are requesting a legitimate service and you are paying for it !!	so i checked it out with the u.s. post office ( 1-800-238-5355 ) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal !!	all you need is 200 , but remember , the more you post , the more money you make !!	this is perfectly legal !!	your name will move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the # 1 position you will be receiving thousands of dollars in cash !!!	send it now , add your own name to the list and you 're in business !!!	***** directions for how to post to news groups !!! *****
mid-january	she has some big presentation mid-january .
mitigated	with these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide .
shona	the last i knew after you and brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated ( shona took this to do after brent 's return to houston ) for comments to all business controllers .	shona has commissioned mike moscoso to work on this , and i believe that mike has already been working with james new .
belittle	and not to belittle the process of creating the standards , the tough part ( and the real meat behind this ) will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these standards .
causey	my commitment to rick causey is that i will have that global report in production by the end of the year .
regularity	there is much work to do in defining the content and regularity of the report and even more work to do to identify reliable sources of data for compiling the report .
moscoso	shona has commissioned mike moscoso to work on this , and i believe that mike has already been working with james new .
delainey@ect	david w delainey@ect
11/10/2000	11/10/2000 01:04 pm	11/10/2000 12:33 pm	11/10/2000 12:21 pm	11/10/2000 11:08 am	11/10/2000 05:59 pm
01:04	11/10/2000 01:04 pm
13.9	steve , i noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21 % year on year ( ie ) $ 13.9 m from $ 11.5 m .
11.5	steve , i noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21 % year on year ( ie ) $ 13.9 m from $ 11.5 m .	$ 11.5 m - amount of hard money raised through the pioneer programme , the controversial fund - raising process created for the bush - cheney 2000 campaign .
delainey	david w delainey@ect	delainey
bashing	i just wanted sue to hear ( she enjoys utility bashing so much ) .
godsend	scott miller has been a godsend -- somebody not afraid to tell it like it is .
dasovich	jeff dasovich	sent by : jeff dasovich	jeff dasovich	sent by : jeff dasovich	jeffrey dasovich director , enron corp	jeff dasovich	sent by : jeff dasovich
12:33	11/10/2000 12:33 pm
attributing	thanks for attributing the quote to me .
----	---------	you did a great job at the hearing ---- it went decidely downhill after you left .	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	-----------------------------------------------	---------------------------	-------------------	---->===}*{===<----	---->===}*{===<----	-------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------	--------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	------------------------------	---- cgy	-----= posted via newsfeeds.com , uncensored usenet news =-----	-----== over 100,000 newsgroups - 19 different servers ! =-----	------
decidely	you did a great job at the hearing ---- it went decidely downhill after you left .
modulate	i remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they will modulate their approach .
12:21	11/10/2000 12:21 pm
amen	executive order : amendments to executive orders 11030 , 13279 , 13339 , 13381 , and 13389 , and *** revocation *** of executive order 13011 ....	amen .	we have received the executed amendment to the subscription agreement with weathertrade , inc. dated march 2 , 2000 .	this amendment amends the transaction fee referenced in subparagraph ( c ) of the fee schedule to the subscription agreement .	we have received the executed first amendment to isda master agreement dated as of december 1 , 1999 .
11:08	11/10/2000 11:08 am
backpedalling	at this point , our it contacts are backpedalling a bit and suggesting they can overcome the tibco and terminal server problems .
tibco	at this point , our it contacts are backpedalling a bit and suggesting they can overcome the tibco and terminal server problems .
ees	no messages will reach the ees organization unless ibm agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery tool , websphere , and will use weblogic instead .	please find enclosed ees 's request for volumes for pge citygate delvery effective 11/1/01 :	the position is with the ees mmc east department / wholesale , retail & comm , enron energy services .	9 . in the gtc , the ecp rep should also apply to eesi .	marianne castano@ees
websphere	no messages will reach the ees organization unless ibm agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery tool , websphere , and will use weblogic instead .
weblogic	no messages will reach the ees organization unless ibm agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery tool , websphere , and will use weblogic instead .	weblogic is required by backweb , although it is designed by a separate company .
backweb	weblogic is required by backweb , although it is designed by a separate company .	hr , intended to be a key user of this tool , will not use backweb because survey responses can not be made anonymous .	erin rice and i would like to meet with you to discuss the issues concerning backweb before we proceed .
confirmit	hr has already purchased a tool called confirmit that can execute anonymous surveys .
expire	another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later ( as they can with e-mail ) .	this means that i could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely , because it would have expired and disappeared by the time i returned .	this is a two day process and all because i let my ca license expire .	abby needs to fly to new york twice a month for these treatments , and her time on the federal grant program has expired .	$ 3.8 bn - amount in the superfund trust fund for toxic site clean - ups in 1995 , the year " polluter pays " fees expired .	oh , and their liquor license was expired so no bloody mary or mimosas .	food is often expired so check the dates every time !
kean	steven j kean
11/09/2000	11/09/2000 11:35 am
11:35	11/09/2000 11:35 am	08/03/2000 11:35
eg	the commission said it had no legal grounds for such an exclusion .	the trial begins again nov. 28 .	" they are targetting ambulances " , " american snipers are shooting children and pregnant women " , and " they are using cluster bombs against civilians " is all you get to hear from him .	elena 's motorcycle tour through the region around chernobyl has revived interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history .	one of the most widespread myths of recent times is that the chernobyl nuclear reactor accident in 1986 caused many thousands of extra cancer deaths in neighbouring regions , and that public health has been severely affected by exposure to radiation .	many people still believe that to be true , even though the ministry of russian federation on civil defence , emergencies and elimination of conseguences of natural disasters ( emercom of russia ) reported this in 1996 :	in the last decade , there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and , to a certain extent , adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former soviet union ( wi940 ) which should be attributed to the chernobyl accident until proven otherwise .	... a drop in the birth rate , a deterioration in women 's reproductive health , an increase in complications during pregnancy and birth , and a deterioration in neonatal health ....	the dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the chernobyl accident in all three countries - belarus , russia , and ukraine - in the post-accident period is characterized by persistent negative tendencies : the morbidity rate is going up , the number of really healthy children is dropping , and disability is increasing .	http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/gregorovich/index.html	the chernobyl children 's project ( http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp ) offers several ways to help the children of that region .	response : the us must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the pakistani government .	on the one hand , it should pressure musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " legal framework order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	george w. bush alleged thursday that john edwards lacks the experience necessary to be president .	this was the body that bush proclaimed was bringing " stability " to the region in fall of 1999 .	as the american public gradually wearies of the iraq crisis , some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the us by creating the conditions for anti-american terrorism .	although it is often alleged ( without much evidence ) that saddam hussein gave money to the families of palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare , it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to israel .	these shiite movements had been suppressed by saddam hussein 's regime , but have now organized and armed themselves .	but last april , the rebels abruptly pulled out of negotiations demanding recognition , first , for the right to self - rule before proceeding any further .	kumaratunga 's india tour preceded a three - day visit to sri lanka by norwegian foreign minister jan petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that oslo successfully brokered in february 2002 .	petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success , and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed - door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track , diplomatic sources said .	" the norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the ltte is keenly aware that they do not have the power [ unlike india ] to underwrite any arrangement , " kalkat told ips in an interview .	last june , an international initiative led by japan to persuade the ltte to come back to the negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer of us$ 4.5 billion .	the tigers ' chief ideologue , balasingham , sniffed at the proposal saying that " a solution to the ethnic conflict can not be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences , but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces . "	simultaneously , new delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert kashmir into a second afghanistan .	this writer has for years regarded the best solution to the kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the indian part of the state into a hindu - majority jammu , a buddhist - dominated ladakh and the overwhelmingly muslim kashmir valley , with the third state given little of taxpayers ' money but substantial autonomy .	the overwhelming majority of muslims in kashmir would be happy with such an outcome , except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the u.s. state department and the pakistan army , which would like to even the score with india for their catastrophic defeat in bangladesh in 1971 .	four whole months , after which he took advantage of a little - known , little - invoked regulation that allowed him to desert his " band of brothers " .	almost immediately , he began an extended period of training .	that was 80 weeks to begin with , and there were other training periods thrown in as well .	there is no doubt that many iraqis regard the date of 30 january as a day of renewed hope , one they have been awaiting all their lives , but at the same time , many others are already dreading it .	again there is no official written statement from sistani 's office confirming this allegation , which i think is intentional .
unreachable	are whole offices ( eg tokyo ) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices ?
votaw	courtney votaw
11/08/2000	11/08/2000 11:02 am	11/08/2000 02:19 pm
11:02	11/08/2000 11:02 am
kaufman@ect	paul kaufman@ect
lysa	sent by : lysa akin@ect	lysa akin ass't. to paul kaufman
akin@ect	sent by : lysa akin@ect
05:59	11/10/2000 05:59 pm
1:30	how about meeting at 11:30 or 12 ?	time : 11:30 am / 1:30 pm central / 2:30 pm eastern	what about wednesday , july 12 , between 1:30 and 4:00 .	i forgot to tell you that i saw your friend on a re-run jeopardy the other night and i almost called you but it came on at 11:30 .	when : wednesday , september 19 , 2001 10:30 am - 11:30 am ( gmt - 08:00 ) pacific time ( us & canada ) ; tijuana .	10:30 - 11:30 pst	just wanted to confirm our meeting on tuesday aug 29th from 1:30 - 2:30 to discuss u of h 's endowment proposal .
2:30	time : 11:30 am / 1:30 pm central / 2:30 pm eastern	july 12 , 2:30 it is .	we 're all set for 2:30 on july 12 .	wednesday , july 12 , 2:300 will work for me .	how is wednesday at 2:30 ?	your mom just called and said your dad 's surgery will be at 2:30 p.m .	game 12 : saturday , july 28 @ 12:30 pm vs. new york liberty	i assume this is 12:30 central time ?	i called on a friday at 12:30 complaining of a severe toothache .	just wanted to confirm our meeting on tuesday aug 29th from 1:30 - 2:30 to discuss u of h 's endowment proposal .	today is good 12:30 ?	today is good 12:30 ?
888-422-7132	call in # : 888-422-7132
411507	pin # : 411507
362416	pin # for paul kaufman only : 362416
503/464-7927	if you have any questions , please call 503/464-7927 .
ass't.	lysa akin ass't. to paul kaufman
814014	the deal number is 814014 - why ca n't you see this ?	actually - upon second look the deal number is 814014 - why ca n't you see this ?
3,500	did you do a deal with national fuel marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on may 30th @ 2.975 ?	did you do a deal with national fuel marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on may 30th @ 2.975 ?	the award comes with a $ 3,500 ( u.s. ) grant .	$ 3,500 - reward a group of veterans offered in 2000 for anyone who could confirm bush 's alabama guard service .	kinder morgan $ 3,500,000 $ 1,250,000
mmbtu	did you do a deal with national fuel marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on may 30th @ 2.975 ?	did you do a deal with national fuel marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on may 30th @ 2.975 ?	net to enron lng marketing company - $ 272,000 ( $ 0.10 / mmbtu )	per the memo , ena 's storage account will be reduced by 420,588 mmbtu !!!!!!
2.975	did you do a deal with national fuel marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on may 30th @ 2.975 ?	did you do a deal with national fuel marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on may 30th @ 2.975 ?
invoicing	they are invoicing for this and i do n't have an invoice for it .	they are invoicing for this and i do n't have an invoice for it .	$ 1.8 m - additional month of pge revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001 - $ collected
invoice	they are invoicing for this and i do n't have an invoice for it .	they are invoicing for this and i do n't have an invoice for it .	oglethorpe over paid their invoice every month .	i believe that doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced .	a full substantiation of creditors to internal ( contract commitments ) or external documentation ( invoices / request for payment )	we are receiving invoices from ace federal reporters for transcripts of the recent ferc settlement conferences .	do you want me to send the invoices to you ?	1 . the short forms do not contain the optionality relating to our performing billing services -- all of our midmarket forms anticipate that we will act as customer 's billing agent and that we will collect all amounts due related to t&d and the like from the customer ( and reflect same on our invoice ) and pass those amounts on to the customer 's utility .	total transportation invoiced for 2001 was $ 180.9 m .	daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	the invoice is not detailed , so it is difficult to see what you are paying for .	richard , below is a list of oc invoices sent to you for approval on 5/30/00 .	thank you for your help in tracking these invoices .	a quick question : we have n't received your invoice for the last few model / paper reviews .
sitara	can you give me the sitara deal # ?	can you give me the sitara deal # ?	can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in sitara if necessary ?	can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in sitara if necessary ?	can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in sitara if necessary ?	sitara is n't matching the spreadsheet .	is there supposed to be a cashout booked in sitara for these months ?
darla	darla	darla	darla	darla is amazing , i would recoment her to anyone .
expiration	same number with expiration date of 3/03 .	what expiration date are you using , i.e. : for monthly call options the 15th of the relevant month , and for daily options ?
3/03	same number with expiration date of 3/03 .
bondad	should be non bondad	actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda
763736	jane , on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .	actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	jane , on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .	actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	jane , on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .
discrepancy	jane , on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .	jane , on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .	jane , on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .
sj	our system reflects sj bondad gdp but swg is going to pay us based on sj non-bondad gdp .	our system reflects sj bondad gdp but swg is going to pay us based on sj non-bondad gdp .	my trader is supporting her price of sj bondad gdp rather than sj non-bondad gdp .	our system reflects sj bondad gdp but swg is going to pay us based on sj non-bondad gdp .
swg	our system reflects sj bondad gdp but swg is going to pay us based on sj non-bondad gdp .	our system reflects sj bondad gdp but swg is going to pay us based on sj non-bondad gdp .	our system reflects sj bondad gdp but swg is going to pay us based on sj non-bondad gdp .
non-bondad	our system reflects sj bondad gdp but swg is going to pay us based on sj non-bondad gdp .	mark anderson says that even though bondad gas flowed , the price was non-bondad .	our system reflects sj bondad gdp but swg is going to pay us based on sj non-bondad gdp .	mark anderson says that even though bondad gas flowed , the price was non-bondad .	my trader is supporting her price of sj bondad gdp rather than sj non-bondad gdp .	our system reflects sj bondad gdp but swg is going to pay us based on sj non-bondad gdp .	mark anderson says that even though bondad gas flowed , the price was non-bondad .
345-9945	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com
646-8420	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com
laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com
v02	the only difference we had was for package v02 .	the only difference we had was for package v02 .	the only difference we had was for package v02 .
enron.xls	- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>	- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>	- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>
enrongss.xls	- enrongss.xls << file : enrongss.xls >>	- enrongss.xls << file : enrongss.xls >>	- enrongss.xls << file : enrongss.xls >>
gda	actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda
759933	actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda
nonbondad	actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda
honro	i talked with mark at sw gas - just honro his numbers
reconfirm	nancy , can you please reconfirm with mark the price for the gas at bondad ?
pge	please find enclosed ees 's request for volumes for pge citygate delvery effective 11/1/01 :	$ 1.8 m - additional month of pge revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001 - $ collected	also , revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from pge at rates above tw 's tariff rates were adjusted accordingly .
citygate	please find enclosed ees 's request for volumes for pge citygate delvery effective 11/1/01 :
delvery	please find enclosed ees 's request for volumes for pge citygate delvery effective 11/1/01 :
11/1/01	please find enclosed ees 's request for volumes for pge citygate delvery effective 11/1/01 :
spreadsheet	see attached spreadsheet .	sitara is n't matching the spreadsheet .	spreadsheet recalculation of obsf option premium utilising the above manually created position analysis	please send me an excel spreadsheet which depicts the value that you see associated with the heat rate spread option .	see the attached spreadsheet .	take a look at this spreadsheet .	attached is a spreadsheet that contains the values .	you should use the same spreadsheet format used for the 1/29/02 dpr .	starting in february , you will be able to export the data , as opposed to using the spreadsheets .
dthat	did dthat stuff form joe help your car .
cester	hey cester ,
netmeeting	when are we going to get netmeeting going ?
deb	al - zaman : the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .	the debaathification commission had been pushed by ahmad chalabi and his iraqi national congress very hard , and had pushed many sunni arabs into the arms of the guerrillas .	how is deb 's knee ?	now , debbie wants it .	debbie said , it is going to be hard on me to sale my old dodge truck .	since debbie is a client too , i think i 'll just mail them to your home unless you prefer otherwise .	unfortunately debbie and i will not be able to attend due to previous committments .	i highly recommend debi , she does an amazing job , i " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .	deb watson is the contact person and she and the rest of the staff were great !!!	since i 'm usually at work late deb has stayed around to help me out when needed .	brought my wife deb with me and she like the fried crab wontons and said they were good ..	good morning debra -	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere
tholt	[ tholt , jane m. ]
m.	m.d. nalapat	m.d. nalapat , an expert on jihad , is professor of geopolitics at the manipal academy of higher education , india .	hazim al - sha'lan , by the way , is the son of the late sheikh of al - khaza'il in diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister , m.s. al - sahaf , in his nonsensical media statements , which can be passed as jokes .	[ tholt , jane m. ]	when : june 12 , 2005 , 2:00 p.m. to 2:00 a.m.	roger m. , woodinville	rocky m. lange retired coordinator , clark county school district	bush nominated jennifer m. anderson for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the superior court of the district of columbia , replacing steffen w. graae .	please forward a copy of the j.m. huber corporation guaranty to my attention .
theraphy	yes she is having physical theraphy 3 times a week .
busier	jared just told me you have a bunch of stuff on your plate and i think you are about to get much busier too .
maam	yes maam , she 's ubs now .
ubs	yes maam , she 's ubs now .	what 's going on with the ubs weather position ?
832.676.3177	cindy franklin transportation services work : 832.676.3177 fax : 832.676.1329 pager : 1.888.509.3736
832.676.1329	cindy franklin transportation services work : 832.676.3177 fax : 832.676.1329 pager : 1.888.509.3736
pager	cindy franklin transportation services work : 832.676.3177 fax : 832.676.1329 pager : 1.888.509.3736	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034	stacey barclay richardson enron net works , llc - global contracts stacey.richardson@enron.com ( 713 ) 853-0569 office ( 713 ) 646-2495 fax ( 713 ) 710-6084 pager
1.888.509.3736	cindy franklin transportation services work : 832.676.3177 fax : 832.676.1329 pager : 1.888.509.3736
******************************************************************	******************************************************************	******************************************************************
elpaso	please note that effective immediately my email address has changed to sean.cooper@elpaso.com	this email and any files transmitted with it from the elpaso corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed .	we are looking at putting the metering facilities on their row ( also , i think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of row from elpaso to get to questar 's property ) .	as you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain elpaso row , we will have to look at plan b which would be to put the metering on our row .	we are looking at putting the metering facilities on their row ( also , i think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of row from elpaso to get to questar 's property ) .	as you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain elpaso row , we will have to look at plan b which would be to put the metering on our row .
notify	if you have received this email in error please notify the sender .	if you have received this email in error , please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system .	if you are not the intended recipient , please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately .	if you have received this communication in error , please immediately notify us by telephone ( 713-546-5000 ) , and destroy the original message .	if you have received it in error , please notify the sender immediately and delete the original .	if you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	as such , we will distribute net shares calculating the proper withholding at fair market value the day prior to notifying the transfer agent .	in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email .
shemin	and i bet she 's on the phone with shemin too !!!
!!!	and i bet she 's on the phone with shemin too !!!	makes me want to race !!!	congratulations !!!!!!!	why does it always have to be my deals ...?!!!	make thousands !!! --	this is not a scam !!!	well guess what !!!	it 's certainly worth $ 6.00 and six stamps , and i have spent more than that on the lottery without ever winning !!!	and , your investment is only $ 6.00 ( plus postage ) !!!	this is absolutely legal !!!! !	your name will move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the # 1 position you will be receiving thousands of dollars in cash !!!	send it now , add your own name to the list and you 're in business !!!	***** directions for how to post to news groups !!! *****	congratulations !!!!!!	all you have to do , and it really works !!!	equine collages uk need help !!!?	ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated ....... thanks !!!!!!!	best place ever !!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	ten points !!!!!!!!!!?	please !!!!!!	the person who best explains this , and helps me out the best with my question will be rewarded with ten points !!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!	thank you !!!!!!!!!!!!! :d	i m getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i saw videos on youtube of them escaping and if my hamster escaped because my mom will freak out !!!	i need help with my syrian hamster !!!?	please help i m worried about him !!!	i have never been anywhere out side my home town charlotte north carolina please help !!!!	( i just thought he wanted me to see one of those chain letter things again ) so i fineally checked it , and it was an e mail from southwest airlines telling me the flight dates for out family trip to florida !!!	i got so excited !!!!	it said it was in january but still !!!!	can someone please make me feel better about this trip !!!!
savier	our last call was iris kind , bill savier ( sp ? ) , and jeff davis .
tabs	i 'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ena tabs agreement .	no transportation at this point , just a tabs .
dykman	by the way , cullen and dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to melanie gray .	david t. metcalfe cullen and dykman llp 177 montague street brooklyn , new york 11201 phone : 718-780-0046 fax : 718-780-0276 e-mail : dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com	cullen and dykman ( attorneys for boston gas company ) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the tenn and iroq space back to boston gas .
stipulation	per our conversation a few minutes ago , attached please find the revised stipulation .	<< stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc >>	- stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc - blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc
faxed	this document has been modified with the changes that were in the mark - up you faxed to toni donohue here a few hours ago .	also , as i mentioned to you , we have faxed your mark - up to melanie gray at weil gotschal in houston to keep her informed .	these have been compared against the draft dated 11/8/2000 , and include ena 's accepted changes per your ( a ) faxed comments transmitted to ena on january 5 , 2001 , and ( b ) e-mail comments transmitted to ena on january 19th , 2001 .	where and to whom do you want it faxed ?	he faxed it to you and will have the original fedexed overnight .	i have faxed to you the form of bond , our proposed bond provisions and the eei master .	i faxed you the promotional on 10300 heritage office building with the nimitz post office .	i faxed comments to you on dash .
donohue	this document has been modified with the changes that were in the mark - up you faxed to toni donohue here a few hours ago .
gotschal	also , as i mentioned to you , we have faxed your mark - up to melanie gray at weil gotschal in houston to keep her informed .
t.	david t. metcalfe cullen and dykman llp 177 montague street brooklyn , new york 11201 phone : 718-780-0046 fax : 718-780-0276 e-mail : dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com	i 'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the u.t. games , i just have to find out when he wants to go ( as well as properly prepare him for the scott / kelley / parks / wild card gang and the full - day affair that is a u.t. game ) .	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste	so what about t.v. ?	do dogs enjoy watching t.v. ?	well , t.v. is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture .	to a dog , watching t.v. is a lot like watching and old scratchy silent film because their flicker fusion seems to occur at a rate of 70 to 80 hz .	so chances are that if your dog likes to watch t.v. , it 's probably because of the sounds .	i am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that dr. christopher t. strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very cruel and uncaring !!	( see attached file : text.htm )	- text.htm << file : text.htm >>	visakha industrial gases pvt. ltd. , location at google maps .
metcalfe	david t. metcalfe cullen and dykman llp 177 montague street brooklyn , new york 11201 phone : 718-780-0046 fax : 718-780-0276 e-mail : dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com
llp	david t. metcalfe cullen and dykman llp 177 montague street brooklyn , new york 11201 phone : 718-780-0046 fax : 718-780-0276 e-mail : dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com	holland & hart , llp ; # 432785 dated 4/14/00
montague	david t. metcalfe cullen and dykman llp 177 montague street brooklyn , new york 11201 phone : 718-780-0046 fax : 718-780-0276 e-mail : dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com	bush also nominated a. noel anketell kramer for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the district of columbia court of appeals , replacing john montague steadman .
11201	david t. metcalfe cullen and dykman llp 177 montague street brooklyn , new york 11201 phone : 718-780-0046 fax : 718-780-0276 e-mail : dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com
718-780-0046	david t. metcalfe cullen and dykman llp 177 montague street brooklyn , new york 11201 phone : 718-780-0046 fax : 718-780-0276 e-mail : dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com
718-780-0276	david t. metcalfe cullen and dykman llp 177 montague street brooklyn , new york 11201 phone : 718-780-0046 fax : 718-780-0276 e-mail : dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com
dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com	david t. metcalfe cullen and dykman llp 177 montague street brooklyn , new york 11201 phone : 718-780-0046 fax : 718-780-0276 e-mail : dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com
____________________________________________________	____________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	_________________________________________________________________
forwarding	any review , reliance or distribution by others or forwarding without express permission is strictly prohibited .	i 'm forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet , showing revisions from your original version .	i am forwarding for your attention the resume of peter percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems .	i am forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading .
delete	i also deleted " subject to recall " based on our discussion , assuming you get approval for that revision .	if you are not the intended recipient , please contact the sender and delete all copies .	if you have received this email in error , please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system .	if you are not the intended recipient , please delete the e-mail and notify us immediately .	if you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone .	if you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy this message or disclose its contents to anyone .	in clause ( e ) , delete the " s " : from the word consolidation .	12 . remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in section 6.1 .	our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the lc transferable .	with respect to the guaranty , i will delete the schedule .	if you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone .	if you have received it in error , please notify the sender immediately and delete the original .	if you received this in error , please contact the sender and delete the material from all computers . "	if you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	they recovered the pics geeksquad deleted .	the bartender is a douchebag and he has a little console behind the bar where he can delete songs he does n't like , and you end up paying for it .
-ect-kedne	<< stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc >>	<< blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc >>	- stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc - blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc
igts	<< stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc >>	- stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc - blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc
-final.doc	<< stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc >>	- stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc - blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc
blackline	<< blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc >>	- stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc - blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc
-stip	<< blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc >>	- stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc - blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc
-2-f.doc	<< blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc >>	- stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc - blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc
heartwarming	a heartwarming story of the advances of women in achieving equality throughout the world .
customarily	she noted then that women customarily walked about 10 feet behind their husbands .
kuwaiti	" land mines , " said the kuwaiti woman .
tenn	the rate schedule on tennessee should be either net - 2 or net - 284 .	<< stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc >>	- stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc - blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc	cullen and dykman ( attorneys for boston gas company ) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the tenn and iroq space back to boston gas .	please check tenn contract 36647 on the demand speadsheet .
iroq	cullen and dykman ( attorneys for boston gas company ) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the tenn and iroq space back to boston gas .
10:30	i 'll be at your house around 10:30 or 11 tonight .	what about 10:30 my time ?	when : wednesday , september 19 , 2001 10:30 am - 11:30 am ( gmt - 08:00 ) pacific time ( us & canada ) ; tijuana .	10:30 - 11:30 pst
chris.germany@enron.com	chris.germany@enron.com on 01/25/2002 03:13:58 pm
01/25/2002	chris.germany@enron.com on 01/25/2002 03:13:58 pm
03:13:58	chris.germany@enron.com on 01/25/2002 03:13:58 pm
10:00	i did n't feel guilty about the garage sale , that 's why i was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night grrrrrrr .	the time : 10:00 am - 11:00 am cst	the time : 10:00 am - 11:00 am cst	i can meet around 10:00 .
grrrrrrr	i did n't feel guilty about the garage sale , that 's why i was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night grrrrrrr .
twinkies	so i 'm going with you , i pay for the gas and the twinkies .
ethink	the ethink team
espeak	we recently asked you to create an espeak " wish list " for us .	in all , we received requests for 61 persons outside of enron to host an espeak event .	here are the top ten most requested espeakers .	everybody needs a little help now and then , even espeak .
espeakers	here are the top ten most requested espeakers .
mcneally	9 . scott mcneally , ceo , sun microsystems
microsystems	9 . scott mcneally , ceo , sun microsystems
covey	7 . stephen covey , author , the seven habits of highly effective people
oprah	6 . oprah winfrey , talkshow host
winfrey	6 . oprah winfrey , talkshow host	christa winfrey
talkshow	6 . oprah winfrey , talkshow host
u.s.a	5 . general colin powell , former chairman , joint chiefs of staff , u.s.a .	4 . alan greenspan , chairman , federal reserve , u.s.a .
greenspan	4 . alan greenspan , chairman , federal reserve , u.s.a .
ethink@enron.com	if you have any contacts who could help us get in touch with these guest speakers , please let us know at ethink@enron.com .
hyatt	7 am at hyatt regency downtown would be perfect .	we can meet at hyatt regency downtown ( smith street ) .	the next meeting of the caem board of directors will be held on wednesday , september 12 , at the grand hyatt hotel in washington , dc .	because of an international medical convention ongoing in washington at the same time as our meetings , the grand hyatt unfortunately is already booked .	grand hyatt hotel 1000 h street nw washington dc 20001 phone : 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax : 202.637.4781 website : http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html	attached is a new link for employees unable to attend the all - employee meeting today at 10 a.m. ( cdt ) at the hyatt regency houston , imperial ballroom .	hyatt web site improved .
7:00	what about 7:00 at the office or breakfast meeting at 7:00 ?	game 3 : monday , june 11 @ 7:00 pm vs. los angeles sparks	game 15 : monday , august 6 @ 7:00 pm vs. phoenix mercury	5:00 pt ** 6:00 mt ** 7:00 ct ** 8:00 et	7:00 am - 5:00 pm
945	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	i will have to leave downtown at about 945 to catch a plane .	0 - number of american combat deaths in germany after the nazi surrender in may 1945 .
nesbitt	dale nesbitt
ekrapels@esaibos.com	please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >	please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >	please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >	please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >	please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >	please respond to ekrapels@esaibos.com
pre-meeting	how about a pre-meeting web site cruise on friday , july 7 at 11 am edt ?	i would like the pre-meeting site cruise .	how about a pre-meeting web site cruise on friday , july 7 at 11 am edt ?
edt	how about a pre-meeting web site cruise on friday , july 7 at 11 am edt ?	how about a pre-meeting web site cruise on friday , july 7 at 11 am edt ?
2:300	wednesday , july 12 , 2:300 will work for me .
www.weathereffects.com	i shall be glad to review your website -- www.weathereffects.com .	if we have time next week , i could step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com .
eol	i did look at eol and am not surprised to see its quality .	p.s. by the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the eol ?	attached are the gcp signoffs on eol approvals for 11/29/00 with gcp responses marked in red .	we intend to see as many people as possible regarding eol implementation .	please find attached credit 's eol responses for 3/8/00 .	please find attached credit 's eol responses for 3/9/00 .	please find attached credit 's eol responses for 3/8/00 .	please note credit has no eol responses for 3/10/00 .	with divisions , eol does request a new password application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below .	when the company is set up in the eol database we link the company to the parent and reference the cp id .	it was my understanding with the eol team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name .	there 's a new eol counterparty listed in the uk .	select enrononline ( this is the eol datamanager )	proceed with eol login / password	with divisions , eol does request a new password application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below .	when the company is set up in the eol database we link the company to the parent and reference the cp id .	it was my understanding with the eol team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name .	there 's a new eol counterparty listed in the uk .
hedging	i was unable to say much about it in my risk electricity hedging and trading report because of deadline pressures .
wsi	it 's a very ambitious site -- with state - of - the - art wsi weather ( seasonal , 6 - 10 , and day to day ) driving a good load model for pjm and nepool .
pjm	it 's a very ambitious site -- with state - of - the - art wsi weather ( seasonal , 6 - 10 , and day to day ) driving a good load model for pjm and nepool .	what power curve are we valuing the deal against - pjm east or west hub ?
nepool	it 's a very ambitious site -- with state - of - the - art wsi weather ( seasonal , 6 - 10 , and day to day ) driving a good load model for pjm and nepool .
esai	esai contributes oil and gas input price forecasts , capacity judgments , and " herding " ideas to develop power price forecasts for same time periods .
forecasts	esai contributes oil and gas input price forecasts , capacity judgments , and " herding " ideas to develop power price forecasts for same time periods .
herding	esai contributes oil and gas input price forecasts , capacity judgments , and " herding " ideas to develop power price forecasts for same time periods .
e.g.	after one month 's full - bore effort , i 'm pleased with the results ( e.g. , we forecast nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .	e.g. : enroneauction .	i bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal ( e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal , not barbecue charcoal ) .
onpeak	after one month 's full - bore effort , i 'm pleased with the results ( e.g. , we forecast nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .
4:00	what about wednesday , july 12 , between 1:30 and 4:00 .	kindly confirm your availability to attend an analyst and associate recruiting meeting scheduled for thursday , july 26th at 2:00 p.m. ( 4:00 p.m. toronto time ) .	4:00 pm - 6:00 pm	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 9/26/2005 08:14:00 pm	see you there at 4:00 unless i call you
p.s.	p.s. by the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the eol ?	p.s. please be sure to copy sarah dietrich and jennifer hillegonds on your response -- they will be taking this project during my " hiatus " -- i am moving to pa on friday of this week , and will be out of pocket through approximately 7/16 .	p.s. - i am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause .	p.s. i am moving back to calgary in about a month .	p.s. tom , please , contact vernon and get the details .
abramo@enron	caroline abramo@enron
03/02/2001	03/02/2001 10:46 am	joe_lardy@cargill.com on 03/02/2001 10:39:03 am	03/02/2001 02:10 pm
10:46	03/02/2001 10:46 am	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 12/26/2004 10:46:08 pm
joe_lardy@cargill.com	joe_lardy@cargill.com on 03/02/2001 10:39:03 am
10:39:03	joe_lardy@cargill.com on 03/02/2001 10:39:03 am
cargill	currently cargill and enron have a 15 mm collateral threshold .	a few things regading the poa / cargill line ..	we should allocate a piece to global which would solve the problem of other cargill people using the line , putting us over the limit , without me knowing ...	we will not go over global 's piece of the cargill line ...	re : cargill ferrous international	stephanie , i my preference is to kick their password application back and get them to change it to read something like " cargill ferrous international , a division of cargill , inc. " or " cargill , inc. acting through its cargill ferrous international division " .	we informed tana that we made the change in global counterparty to include , " a division of cargill incorporated " .	cargill ferrous international is set up correctly in the global counterparty system as a division of cargill , inc .	cargill ferrous international is the full name of this division and set up as such in gcp with a sub - to - legal link to cargill , inc. per gcp procedure .	re : cargill ferrous international	stephanie , i my preference is to kick their password application back and get them to change it to read something like " cargill ferrous international , a division of cargill , inc. " or " cargill , inc. acting through its cargill ferrous international division " .
cleanest	if possible , i think the cleanest way to run this biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz .
biz	if possible , i think the cleanest way to run this biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz .	we would still operate under the master isda but could set up a mutually agreeable credit support annex for this biz .	i hate to say check them out just for the salsa , but james , i need another jar badly :) all kidding aside , they are a very good company , i have a hard time giving any service biz a 5 star review but they came close .
isda	we would still operate under the master isda but could set up a mutually agreeable credit support annex for this biz .	is it possible to combine the standard isda and our confirm into a single long form ?	by going away from the standard isda maybe we can eliminate these requirements because the payout liability is only 1 - way .
agreeable	we would still operate under the master isda but could set up a mutually agreeable credit support annex for this biz .	if these amendmnets are agreeable to you can you please print and arrange for execution .	in fact peder and i were remarking on how agreeable they all are as the sucked on our balls last night .
20,000,000	we would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in schedule b of the poa agreement .
poa	we would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in schedule b of the poa agreement .	the line in the poa is a seperate and distinct measure from the daily collateral .	a few things regading the poa / cargill line ..	we could change the language of the poa to this ...
workable	let me know if you think this is reasonable and workable .
regading	a few things regading the poa / cargill line ..
allocate	we should allocate a piece to global which would solve the problem of other cargill people using the line , putting us over the limit , without me knowing ...	additional resources are being allocated and the situation is being closely monitored ( both for quarter end signoff and on going operations ) .	those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points ( a max of 150 ) at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first review period .	$ 3.29 - average amount allocated per person nationwide in the first round of homeland security grants .	$ 94.40 - amount allocated per person for homeland security in american samoa .	$ 36 - amount allocated per person for homeland security in wyoming , vice - president cheney 's home state .	$ 17 - amount allocated per person in new york state .	$ 5.87 - amount allocated per person in new york city .	$ 77.92 - amount allocated per person in new haven , connecticut , home of yale university , bush 's alma mater .	$ 0 - amount bush allocated for port security in 2003 .
shackleton	sara shackleton	sara shackleton	sara shackleton	sara shackleton	sara shackleton	sara shackleton	sara shackleton	sara shackleton@ect	sara shackleton	sara shackleton@ect	sara shackleton@ect	sara shackleton	sara shackleton enron wholesale services 1400 smith street , eb 3801a houston , tx 77002 ph : ( 713 ) 853-5620 fax : ( 713 ) 646-3490
02/27/2001	02/27/2001 08:23 am	02/27/2001 06:07 pm
08:23	02/27/2001 08:23 am
blacklined	attached for your review is a blacklined version of the : ( a ) schedule and ( b ) paragraph 13 to the isda master agreement .	i am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts .	attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty , which reflect our comments .	attached are clean and blacklined drafts of the enron guaranties to be made in support of epmi 's obligations under the indian mesa ii renewable energy purchase agreement ( " ppa " ) and green premium sharing agreement ( " gspa " ) .?	the guaranty for the ppa is blacklined against the enron epc contract guaranty in favor of the banks which was granted in connection with our cabazon wind power project ( the project most recently financed by ewc ) and the gpsa guaranty is blacklined against the ppa guaranty .
11/8/2000	these have been compared against the draft dated 11/8/2000 , and include ena 's accepted changes per your ( a ) faxed comments transmitted to ena on january 5 , 2001 , and ( b ) e-mail comments transmitted to ena on january 19th , 2001 .
cordially	cordially ,
garcia@enron	jorge a garcia@enron
03/01/2001	03/01/2001 01:35 pm
01:35	03/01/2001 01:35 pm
confirmations	i wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and approval of isda confirmations for the following equity trades that i understand laurel had discussed with you previously .
ltd.	1 ) edison international - swap with enron europe ltd. ( 2 in total )	2 ) pg&e - swap with enron europe ltd. ( 3 in total )
pg&e	2 ) pg&e - swap with enron europe ltd. ( 3 in total )	attached is pg&e 's gas accord ii ( ga ii ) settlement proposal .	pg&e also anticipates that the core procurement incentive mechanism ( cpim ) will be similar to today 's mechanism , but will reflect the somewhat larger capacity holdings needed to meet anticipated increases in core demand and to meet a 1 - day in 10 - year cold weather event .	this also will serve as a reminder that an all - party meeting is scheduled at pg&e 's headquarters in san francisco on january 10 and 11 , to discuss this proposal and to respond to your questions .	the attached documents include the ga ii settlement proposal , an attachment ( a copy of pg&e 's proposed gas rule 27 ) , and a set of supporting workpapers .	<< pg&e gas accord ii settlement proposal 12-20-00.doc >> << proposed gas rule 27.doc >> << cos & rates workpapers for ga ii 12-20-2000 proposal.xls >>	my take is that the udcs will be indifferent to this ( maybe ? ) and our # 1 priority is to work to get the pg&e model adopted across the state .
payable	" calculation of floating amount : the floating amount payable by [ ena ] on a payment date will be calculated for that payment date as follows :	" calculation of floating amount : the floating amount payable by [ ena ] on a payment date will be calculated for that payment date as follows :	make checks payable to kendel bunnell c / o benefit for abby freeman
notional	floating amount = ( notional quantity per calculation period x floating price ) - usd [ 38,000 ? ]	floating amount = ( notional quantity per calculation period x floating price ) - usd [ 38,000 ? ]
38,000	floating amount = ( notional quantity per calculation period x floating price ) - usd [ 38,000 ? ]	" other provisions : on each payment date , [ ena ] shall pay [ a fee of ] [ an amount equal to ] usd { 38,000 ? ] , which amount shall be subject to the netting provisions of the [ master agreement - how do you refer to the agreement ? ] "	floating amount = ( notional quantity per calculation period x floating price ) - usd [ 38,000 ? ]
02:10	03/02/2001 02:10 pm
houson	at some point in the not so distant future , the houson and london credit departments need to speak in order that each understands the " philosophy " behind credit analysis for the omnibus and master transactions .
congrats	ps congrats on your promotion !
offsite	i did n't have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand .
alatorre@enron	carlos alatorre@enron
06:07	02/27/2001 06:07 pm
prod	philip annesley conference producer risk waters group +44 20 7484 9866 +44 20 7484 9800 www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus	we need to change the prod description fro the lme product .	the term of the transaction shall correspond to the date ( s ) set forth in the product description on the website .	the settlement date shall be the date ( s ) set forth in the product description on the website .	the company is arco products , adn their comments are on the attached file .	website short description of product type : us hr stl plt phy	product type :	product additional information ( example ) :	click the enron online production cluster " start " button	click on the " + " for product types	galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation ( nepco ) 11831 north creek parkway north bothell , wa 98011 usa tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com	" terry did this by himself , '' said smutney - jones , executive director of the independent energy producers .	innovative products	you will discover : * how to create the security of residual income ; * why agel is the best vehicle to live your dreams ; * the amazing scientific breakthrough behind the products ; * how the " quadra - plan " builds bigger bonus checks faster ; * the support system in place to help you build stronger ; and * the secret to lock in a " legacy " position !	http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemid=1361&itemtype=product&path=1%2c3%2c477&iproductid=1361 if anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird .
fro	guerrillas killed an engineer , asi ali , from tikrit .	one of them was from the jubur tribe and was deputy commander of the hawijah garrison .	al - zaman : the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .	a team from the court managed to take his deposition before he died .	even the ip and icdc have abandoned the neighbourhood , and those are trained and armed , so do n't expect scared civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a helicopter or a tank does n't bomb them , and also how are american soldiers going to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians from the fedayeen ?	speaking of fallujah , we have only al - jazeera to rely on for our news from there .	" they are targetting ambulances " , " american snipers are shooting children and pregnant women " , and " they are using cluster bombs against civilians " is all you get to hear from him .	he did once make an unforgivable error when he mentioned that fallujan militants were shooting at the marines from the roofs of mosques and houses in hay al - golan , but of course that is okay for al - jazeera .	someone who called himself abu hafs from the ibn al - khattab brigades ( another new group ) was on al - jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the marines and he sweared that american soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents .	azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by abdul aziz bin muqrin , an al - qaeda operative in saudi arabia on an islamic website ' the voice of jihad ' , in which he stated that " although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in islam , but in this case it is allowed if muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions " .	the prestigious iaea ( international atomic energy agency ) published an early report on chernobyl which was based on information from russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	the front - runner for the 2000 republican presidential nomination faltered thursday in an international affairs pop quiz posed by andy hiller , a political reporter for whdh - tv in boston .	musharraf made his coup in part because of the military 's anger over prime minister nawaz sharif 's willingness to back down from confronting india over kashmir , so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger .	although musharraf did turn against the taliban after september 11 , under extreme duress from the us , elements of his military continued to support radical islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on musharraf himself .	this is what edwards ' campaign literature said about his positions : " edwards believes that the u.s. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts , from reducing tensions between india and pakistan to the peace process in northern ireland .	israel , however , is much closer to iraq and is likely to suffer from iraqi instability much more acutely than will the united states .	the biggest threat israel faces is not from conventional armies but from the asymmetrical tactics of palestinian national liberation movements .	although israel withdrew from lebanese territory in may 2000 , the radical lebanese shiite party , hizbullah , has not been mollified .	it is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the shebaa farms , a sliver of syrian territory that israel annexed after the 1967 war .	he did not allow palestinian radicals to launch operations against israel from iraq .	worse for israel , the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious grand ayatollah ali sistani , who wields enormous moral authority over iraqi shiites .	it is inevitable that most iraqi shiites will side with their hizbullah coreligionists against israel , and it seems likely that iraqi shiites will get rich enough from iraqi petroleum sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll lebanese shiite radicals .	iraqi cities such as fallujah and ramadi were on the truck route from amman to baghdad , and so came under the influence of the salafi movement , which is popular in jordan .	if even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to iraq , its citizens will be able to benefit from the country 's petroleum reserves .	and this has already drawn protests from the tamil national alliance ( tna ) which was backed by the ltte in the april general elections held in sri lanka .	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .	" the sri lankan government does not want to initiate a conflict but would be interested in deterring the ltte from starting one .	india had to pull back its forces from sri lanka in 1989 following the election of ranasinghe premadasa , a strong critic of indian mediation .	japan 's special envoy , yasushi akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to colombo and kilinochchi in early november a frustrated man .	and this has already drawn protests from the tamil national alliance ( tna ) which was backed by the ltte in the april general elections held in sri lanka .	but kalkat pointed out that india would be ill - advised to be involved again , militarily , with sri lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic tamils in the indian state of tamil nadu - separated from sri lanka 's jaffna peninsula by the narrow palk straits .	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .
lme	we need to change the prod description fro the lme product .	for curr lme lme ( spot ) 01 mar 01 jpy / usd	the foreign currency amount shall equal the base currency amount , multiplied by the daily london metal exchange ( lme ) fixing rate as published by reuters on page mtle on the date of the transaction , modified by the price submitted by the counterparty via the website .
curr	current salary : $ 47,500	currently cargill and enron have a 15 mm collateral threshold .	for curr lme lme ( spot ) 01 mar 01 jpy / usd	a currency transaction with enron europe finance & trading limited ( " eeftl " ) as agent for risk management & trading corp. under which either ( a ) for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to buy from eeftl , counterparty shall receive the base currency amount and shall pay the foreign currency amount , or ( b ) for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to sell to eeftl , counterparty shall pay the base currency amount and shall receive the foreign currency amount .	the base currency amount shall equal the volume submitted by the counterparty via the website .	the foreign currency amount shall equal the base currency amount , multiplied by the daily london metal exchange ( lme ) fixing rate as published by reuters on page mtle on the date of the transaction , modified by the price submitted by the counterparty via the website .	the price is quoted in jpy ( the ' foreign currency ' ) per us dollar ( the ' base currency ' ) .	current plan :	payment shall be made , against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the general terms and conditions , in the contractual currency by telegraphic transfer no later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the commodity is released to buyer .	currency :	the price is quoted in us dollars per unit of volume , which will be the contractual currency .	currently , i need three interviewers for thursday , march 1st and one interviewer for friday , march 2nd .	currently , the us is facing an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding small arms , shoulder - fired grenades and roadside bombs .	currently , mercury and venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by rahu .	currently , i am writing a book on natural supplements to aid weight loss , with harry preuss , md , a professor of medicine at georgetown university ; it is scheduled for publication by broadway ( random house ) in january 2007 .	i especially like the chicken curry pie .	currently we have a blank " sample " for our paragraph 13s which are attached to our sample isdas for ( a ) us corporate , ( b ) hedge funds , ( c ) municipal .	mike curry
jpy	for curr lme lme ( spot ) 01 mar 01 jpy / usd	the price is quoted in jpy ( the ' foreign currency ' ) per us dollar ( the ' base currency ' ) .
eeftl	a currency transaction with enron europe finance & trading limited ( " eeftl " ) as agent for risk management & trading corp. under which either ( a ) for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to buy from eeftl , counterparty shall receive the base currency amount and shall pay the foreign currency amount , or ( b ) for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to sell to eeftl , counterparty shall pay the base currency amount and shall receive the foreign currency amount .
counterparty	a currency transaction with enron europe finance & trading limited ( " eeftl " ) as agent for risk management & trading corp. under which either ( a ) for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to buy from eeftl , counterparty shall receive the base currency amount and shall pay the foreign currency amount , or ( b ) for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to sell to eeftl , counterparty shall pay the base currency amount and shall receive the foreign currency amount .	the base currency amount shall equal the volume submitted by the counterparty via the website .	the foreign currency amount shall equal the base currency amount , multiplied by the daily london metal exchange ( lme ) fixing rate as published by reuters on page mtle on the date of the transaction , modified by the price submitted by the counterparty via the website .	the referenced tagg # was entered as a ' new counterparty ' , can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure .	sam , please confirm , global counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	there 's a new eol counterparty listed in the uk .	the contract quantity shall be quantity submitted by counterparty via enrononline ( 5 % greater or lesser allowance at seller 's option ) .	we informed tana that we made the change in global counterparty to include , " a division of cargill incorporated " .	we will meet in the near future to discuss the issues surrounding division and trade name setups in global counterparty .	the difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty 's name from global counterparty .	if the correct legal name is not in global counterparty , the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on it seriously compromising the contract itself .	my suggestion is that global counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the enrononline password application -- my understanding is that the enrononline team returns inappropriate applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .	cargill ferrous international is set up correctly in the global counterparty system as a division of cargill , inc .	also , the global sap team ( cheryl johnson ) would need legal name change documentation from the counterparty in order to change this name .	gcp procedure is to create counterparty names that reflect either the tradename / division name or parent name -- not both simultaneously .	sam , please confirm , global counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	there 's a new eol counterparty listed in the uk .
submits	a currency transaction with enron europe finance & trading limited ( " eeftl " ) as agent for risk management & trading corp. under which either ( a ) for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to buy from eeftl , counterparty shall receive the base currency amount and shall pay the foreign currency amount , or ( b ) for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to sell to eeftl , counterparty shall pay the base currency amount and shall receive the foreign currency amount .
mtle	the foreign currency amount shall equal the base currency amount , multiplied by the daily london metal exchange ( lme ) fixing rate as published by reuters on page mtle on the date of the transaction , modified by the price submitted by the counterparty via the website .
p.m	web posted at : 3:29 p.m. est ( 2029 gmt )	your mom just called and said your dad 's surgery will be at 2:30 p.m .	as you know , our next meeting is on wednesday , july 12 from 3:00 - 5:30 p.m .	there are three possible dates for the meeting , which i suggest be in two parts -- first , a meeting among the panel only from 5:00 - 6:30 p.m. , and then a dinner with chairman levitt from 6:30 - 8:30 p.m .	kindly confirm your availability to attend an analyst and associate recruiting meeting scheduled for thursday , july 26th at 2:00 p.m. ( 4:00 p.m. toronto time ) .	please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m. , friday , may 4th	please approve the following product type in datamanager after 11:00 p.m .	the motion to compel is now scheduled for dec. 12 at 2 p.m .	subject : where can i get the necessary software to get a " smart " mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps ? ( e.g. , pathalias , smail , etc. )
1.5	steve , i noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21 % year on year ( ie ) $ 13.9 m from $ 11.5 m .	they will be there by noon on the 20th , and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they 'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into icu .	quality is estimated to be a mars type crude with 25 - 27 api gravity and 1.5 - 2.0 % sulfur .	$ 11.5 m - amount of hard money raised through the pioneer programme , the controversial fund - raising process created for the bush - cheney 2000 campaign .	i walked out with 5 inch long hair on the top , 2 inch long hair on the sides , and 1.5 in the back .	it took over 1.5 hours for our food to come out and by that time my 8 month old had it !	well we have been working with ulistic for 1.5 months , and have 100 people following our site on facebook , and our web site , www.designofashion.com has seen a 3 fold increase in traffic , which is significantly beating our expectations - seo is a process that takes time and to get results this quickly is exceptional .	if they think you 've taken a soda from your room home with you , they will charge you $ 1.50 per can .	my role with firefox and the mozilla project will remain largely unchanged , i will continue doing much the same work as i have described above - with the new goal of successful 1.1 , 1.5 and 2.0 releases .
icu	they will be there by noon on the 20th , and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they 'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into icu .
++++++	++++++ confidentiality notice +++++	thanks for fixing my garage door a ++++++++++++++++++
+++++	++++++ confidentiality notice +++++	excellent , top guys a +++++ reccommend to anyone !!!!!!!!!!	thanks for fixing my garage door a ++++++++++++++++++
hereby	they would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operations , which is also a nuclear power .	you may also starve it by preventing new blood from reaching it from other parts of the body , thereby preventing new " supplies " from expanding the tumor .	if you are not the intended recipient or an authorized representative of the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any review , dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments , if any , or the information contained herein is prohibited .	full reconciliation of contracts within the obsf to barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to as400 barclays account	if the reader of this message is not the intended recipient , or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited .	if you are not the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error ; any review , dissemination , distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited .
attachments	if you are not the intended recipient or an authorized representative of the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any review , dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments , if any , or the information contained herein is prohibited .	although this email and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened , it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by century development or any of its affiliates for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use .	as a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk yesterday , could someone develop a comprehensive list identifying all omnibus attachments ?	this transmittal and / or attachments may be a confidential attorney - client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential .	if you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	those attachments are what i was asked .
herein	one of them is the rest and recuperation program , wherein a child can come to the us for a few weeks in the summer .	if you are not the intended recipient or an authorized representative of the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any review , dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments , if any , or the information contained herein is prohibited .	the information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable , but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete .	nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein .	any opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author .
03/15/2001	03/15/2001 04:03 pm	03/15/2001 04:17 pm	03/15/2001 04:11 pm	03/15/2001 04:03 pm	03/15/2001 04:44 pm	03/15/2001 04:17 pm
04:03	03/15/2001 04:03 pm	03/15/2001 04:03 pm
lorie	lorie leigh @ ect	lorie leigh	lorie leigh @ ect	lorie leigh @ ect	lorie leigh 46093
ect	mike mcconnell@ect	sent by : ben jacoby@ect	david w delainey@ect	paul kaufman@ect	sent by : lysa akin@ect	<< stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc >>	<< blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc >>	- stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc - blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc	lorie leigh @ ect	lorie leigh @ ect	lorie leigh @ ect	bradley diebner@ect	the liq value for the call is correct .	the liq value for the call is correct .	vince j kaminski@ect	sara shackleton@ect	sara shackleton@ect	sara shackleton@ect	in the three years i have been here , i am unaware of an ena / ect bad faith claim against any insurance company .	***** directions for how to post to news groups !!! *****	overall decent but if you are expecting a ruth chris type steak , this is not it .
04:17	03/15/2001 04:17 pm	03/15/2001 04:17 pm
1-800-991-9019	the number : 1-800-991-9019	the number : 1-800-991-9019
passcode	the passcode : 6871082#	the passcode : 6871082#	please contact sherri sera ( 713/853-5984 ) or bill dorsey ( 713/646-6505 ) for the weekly dial - in number and passcode .
6871082#	the passcode : 6871082#	the passcode : 6871082#
11:00	the time : 10:00 am - 11:00 am cst	the time : 10:00 am - 11:00 am cst	time : 11:00 a.m. ( cdt )	please approve the following product type in datamanager after 11:00 p.m .	go to la after say 11:00 search the street corners btw keep ur wallet locked up and have $ 200 on hand have a gun just in case btw
cst	the time : 10:00 am - 11:00 am cst	the time : 10:00 am - 11:00 am cst	we will finalize the message points on tomorrow 's daily call ( 10 am cst ) .	we will finalize the message points on tomorrow 's daily call ( 10 am cst ) .
3143c	the place : eb 3143c	the place : eb 3143c
713-853-1696	if you have any problems or questions , please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696 .	if you have any problems or questions , please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696 .
carotid	yes , but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to the brain .
circulatory	is this related to the problems he is having getting around ( circulatory ? ) ?
04:11	03/15/2001 04:11 pm
origination	for better or worse , all the folks under the heading " origination " and " development " are ours , although kathleen has a special role with development .
04:44	03/15/2001 04:44 pm
formatted	i formatted the file so that it would print on one legal size sheet .
redvepco.doc	- redvepco.doc
sample.doc	- sample.doc
46093	lorie leigh 46093
02/13/2001	02/13/2001 04:13 pm	02/13/2001 08:02 pm
04:13	02/13/2001 04:13 pm
banczak	peggy banczak is the ena lawyer who handles mexico .
schwartzenburg@enron_development	john schwartzenburg@enron_development
03/16/2001	03/16/2001 09:22 am
09:22	03/16/2001 09:22 am
structuring	we have had no contact with the ena / enron mexico commercial or legal people and i do n't want to bust any structuring goals .	attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the gas industry restructuring / natural gas strategy proceeding , including the motion for approval of the comprehensive settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the comprehensive settlement , the comprehensive settlement document itself , and the various appendices to the settlement .?	there is an electric restructuring committee hearing scheduled for september 6th or 7th .
laidlaw	our project manager ( scott laidlaw ) and engineer ( harry okabayashi ) want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering services on this project to support the ena work .
okabayashi	our project manager ( scott laidlaw ) and engineer ( harry okabayashi ) want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering services on this project to support the ena work .
tasking	our project manager ( scott laidlaw ) and engineer ( harry okabayashi ) want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering services on this project to support the ena work .
procure	our project manager ( scott laidlaw ) and engineer ( harry okabayashi ) want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering services on this project to support the ena work .
abb	i now understand that someone at ena / enron mexico / enron wholesale has signed an epc contract with abb for this project .	benefit auction & raffle for abby freeman
alfaro	i am not in the office today , so please include renee alfaro on your response .
jwvs	jwvs
deteriorate	security problems in the andaman sea are not new , but they have deteriorated during the past few years , in tandem with a deterioration in the security situation in bangladesh , nepal and bhutan , and particularly in the northeastern indian states of manipur , nagaland and tripura .	it sounds as though his health has deteriorated significantly .	as i watched my mother and father 's health deteriorate and ultimately watched them die , it is a very defining time in our lives .	while iran 's conventional army is not what it was during the heyday of the iran - iraq war - their armaments have deteriorated and the veterans of that last war have retired - the nation enjoys substantial military strength nonetheless .
smsu	sounds as though eric has done very well as smsu .
grandchild	her mother ismat last saw aafia and her grandchildren before they left in a minicab at the end of march .	this past thursday night our sixth grandchild was born .	we have and will have children of our own , grandchildren too .
lb.	it was a 7 lb. , 10 oz. , 20 inch little boy .	email : " ian " < ian.gilb...@btinternet.com >
oz.	it was a 7 lb. , 10 oz. , 20 inch little boy .
grandsons	so we now have three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4 months down to a few days .
granddaughters	so we now have three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4 months down to a few days .
l.	<< stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc >>	- stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc - blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc	tori l. wells executive secretary	his initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned l.l.c .	his initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned l.l.c .	marcelo l. meira sr it developer enron networks - houston , tx ( 713 ) 345-3436	marcelo l. meira sr it developer enron networks - houston , tx ( 713 ) 345-3436	if you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house , it is because you own some l.p , cd or another article related to the cursed by god beatles and rolling stones .	the l.i.t is so close to moyross , yet again the ppl who talk sh*t about moyross still go there .	unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the l.a. section .	( see attached file : unleadedstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : crudestocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : heatingoilstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddiistockscl.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistocksho.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistockshu.pdf ) ( see attached file : api.pdf )	- paddiistockscl.pdf	on or about october 6 , 1999 , kelly cloud , senior vice president of ccng , inc. ( 713 ) 235-1972 , called and informed me that the counterparty should be ccgm , l.p. .	michael l. beatty & associates , pc ; # 10461 , # 10469 & # 10468 dated 5/28/00 .
rosalee	rosalee	rosalee	rosalee fleming	rosalee
3:00	as you know , our next meeting is on wednesday , july 12 from 3:00 - 5:30 p.m .	thane is in an ercot prs meeting friday from 9:30 until 3:00 .	game 7 : saturday , june 23 @ 3:00 pm vs. sacramento monarchs	05/30/2001 03:00 pm	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/14/2005 07:03:00 pm
crystallizes	in the next week or so , we 'll be sending around a discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issues , and we will try to talk to as many of you as possible before the meeting to go through it .
levitt	meanwhile , arthur levitt has agreed to meet with us in september to brainstorm on the ideas we 've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them .	there are three possible dates for the meeting , which i suggest be in two parts -- first , a meeting among the panel only from 5:00 - 6:30 p.m. , and then a dinner with chairman levitt from 6:30 - 8:30 p.m .
brainstorm	meanwhile , arthur levitt has agreed to meet with us in september to brainstorm on the ideas we 've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them .
5:00	there are three possible dates for the meeting , which i suggest be in two parts -- first , a meeting among the panel only from 5:00 - 6:30 p.m. , and then a dinner with chairman levitt from 6:30 - 8:30 p.m .	___________ thursday , september 14 5:00 - 8:30 pm	___________ monday , september 25 5:00 - 8:30 pm	___________ wednesday , september 27 5:00 - 8:30 pm	recently charles miller and david dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on wed. 6/14 at 5:00 pm to be held at the houston petroleum club .	we 've received a personal invitation to a nymex crawfish boil on april 3 at 5:00 at garden in the heights at 3926 feagan .	time : 8:00 - 5:00 8:00 - 5:00	5:00 pt ** 6:00 mt ** 7:00 ct ** 8:00 et	7:00 am - 5:00 pm	ps ) when we called for a reservation , we were told that 5:00 and 9:30 were their only openings .	ps -- there is a happy hour tonight at scudeiros on dallas street ( just west of the met garage ) beginning around 5:00 .
8:30	there are three possible dates for the meeting , which i suggest be in two parts -- first , a meeting among the panel only from 5:00 - 6:30 p.m. , and then a dinner with chairman levitt from 6:30 - 8:30 p.m .	___________ thursday , september 14 5:00 - 8:30 pm	___________ monday , september 25 5:00 - 8:30 pm	___________ wednesday , september 27 5:00 - 8:30 pm	the call - in number and instructions for the 11/2 8:30 a.m. meeting are as follows :	finally , i told the little girl that she would have to accompany me to school ( 8:30 am ) .	scheduled appointment for 8:30 monday morning .
___________	____________________________________________________	___________ thursday , september 14 5:00 - 8:30 pm	___________ monday , september 25 5:00 - 8:30 pm	___________ wednesday , september 27 5:00 - 8:30 pm	__________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	___________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	______________________	_________________________________________________________________	_____________________________________________	_____________________________________________	__________________________________________________
garten	jeff garten
m306	ken lay would like to have the armada m306 series - " the first ultra portable notebook designed for the enterprise " .
equip	reports from port blair make it evident that new delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the indian coast guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .	there is a new game in town : the actual murderer is called " the military wing " , the one who pays him , equips him and sends him is now called " the political wing " and the head of the operation is called the " spiritual leader " .	we refer to licensed fuel cell energy equipment .	we refer to licensed fuel cell energy equipment .	ken said to go ahead and equip it with what you think it should have .	bangs said these animals are not equipped to survive in the wild , however , and they all almost certainly have died .	87 - percentage of humvees in iraq not equipped with armour capable of stopping ak - 47 rounds and protecting against roadside bombs and landmines at the end of 2003 .	do i need a protein skimmer or any other equipment ?	solas covers just about every aspect of safety at sea , including minimum safety equipment , practices , and standards , lifeboats , navigation practices , fire protection , and so on .	if the snake is not pregnant or shedding , and its enclosure is properly equipped , a loss of appetite probably signals a beginning of hibernation .	i rang srd pat testing and within 3 hours scot had come to my premises and pat tested all my our spill the whisky barn dance band equipment , and supplied a certificate for only 70 p per unit .	the well - equipped , clean gym is a plus !	we had relatively good facilities at the time -- decent science labs , with multiple hoods and access to good equipment ; nice gymnasiums , and a well - funded music department ( i was in the guitar ensemble ) .	midas has the most high tech equipment in town & i guarantee you if they told you it was electrical then in deed it s electrical !	i work for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into canada and had to travel to ensure all of our computer network equipment was installed properly and on time .	the equipment and classes are n't good enough to deal with the rudeness from the staff !!!	google the term or find photography supplies websites and put it in the search box ( or look for studio equipment supplies ) .	these guys really know their stuff .. they have almost anything you could want in terms of spy and surviellance equipment .
laptops	here is the link to the latest commercial laptops on the market , i will follow up with the consumer models .	i have many friends that have laptops bought in the uk that use them here	we 've had about 5 repairs done on 3 different laptops .
m300	the m300 series are the lightest and the e500's are the all in one but much heavier .
lightest	the m300 series are the lightest and the e500's are the all in one but much heavier .	it is estimated that israel has over 200 nuclear weapons yet neither the us nor any of her allies expresses the slightest concern .	should i be embarrassed that i have n't the slightest idea what that means ?
e500's	the m300 series are the lightest and the e500's are the all in one but much heavier .
http://www.compaq.com/products/notebooks/index.html	http://www.compaq.com/products/notebooks/index.html
compaq.com	<< compaq.com - notebook.url >>	- compaq.com - notebook.url
notebook.url	<< compaq.com - notebook.url >>	- compaq.com - notebook.url
???	( not church morality , no that is phoney , love thy neighbor ... hell no , kill thy neighbor - now that is real morality ????? )	who cares ??????	monday's starting next week at 4 ???????????????	re : ???	and if yes , what 's the game and wager ???	and bridges ???	if i love cats so much , why are n't i doing something ???	is it a gud option for casual / formal functions photography ?????	wht abt its picture quality ???	i have posted this question on the nz visa site and ca n't get any info , does anyone know .???	why , how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???	well one day he said to me you know i do n't wear underwear as he was bent over working on my mare s right front hoof .. and i was like ummmm okay ???	well 6 weeks later when he came back out he was again working on my mare s front foot and i looked down and yeah he had wholes in his pants in the wrong places i bust out laughing and he was like what ???	i was like ummmm i can see your ass cheeks ... he was like oops did i forget my underwear ???	westfield and rt 1 do it well , why ca nt u ????	what is that ?????	do other brides fall for this ???	it s prettty much the same $$$ , please advice !?????!!!!	boy trouble ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????	???	is mazzoni 's deli at 3901 conshocken ave in phila pa really the best italian food in the country ???	thumbs down ???
dewhurst	recently charles miller and david dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on wed. 6/14 at 5:00 pm to be held at the houston petroleum club .
wed.	recently charles miller and david dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on wed. 6/14 at 5:00 pm to be held at the houston petroleum club .	wed. sept. 20 - leave houston around 6:00 pm	wed. sept. 27 - paris
6/14	recently charles miller and david dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on wed. 6/14 at 5:00 pm to be held at the houston petroleum club .
.?	under the leadership of governor bush and others we have made real progress in education in texas over the past decade .?	i think they 'll send us another update once he 's out of emergency and into a room .?	then it 's real easy to call ben taub to find out a room number .? the address is below .?	thanks for the heads up .?	bobby is a member of a bicycle team , while cycling this weekend , he and other members of his team were injured by a truck .?	there was one death in the injured group and the others with major injuries .?	bobby is one of those with major injuries .?	he is currently in the emergency room at ben taub hospital .?	ben taub hospital is located at 1504 taub loop , houston , texas , phone number : 713-793-2000 .?	he can not accept calls , visits or flowers at this time , since he is in the emergency room .?	attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the gas industry restructuring / natural gas strategy proceeding , including the motion for approval of the comprehensive settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the comprehensive settlement , the comprehensive settlement document itself , and the various appendices to the settlement .?	because a number of the declarations and signature pages are not yet available electronically , they have not been included with this note .?	hard copies of the comprehensive settlement , including all declarations and signature pages , are being shipped tonight via us mail to all parties on the service list .?	i would like to thank all of the parties who participated in this settlement process .?	you have all devoted considerable time , resources and spirit in the preparation of this document - and it shows .?	we now have a settlement before the commission that includes ratepayer advocates , commercial and industrial customers , electric generators , marketers , shippers , independent storage providers ,? gas suppliers ,? producers , utilities , aggregators , pipeline companies , wholesale customers , municipalities , and retail mass marketers , among others .?	while we should be proud of our accomplishment , we now must turn to the task of getting our testimony ready by may 5 deadline .?	assignments have already been made and i will schedule a conference call later this week to discuss related details .?	so much for resting on our laurels .?	why does it always have to be my deals ...?!!!	we are still very interested in having enron support our ecommerce dispute management protocol .?	we have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as at&t , duke energy , pitney bowes and daimler chrysler , and i would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts .?	i am a member of the design group that has been developing the american arbitration association 's dispute management systems and services for ecommerce b2b transactions .?	initially our design group , along with perhaps one of our technology consultants , would like to meet with a group of enron people for half a day .?	ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance , legal , and operations so that we get good cross-functional feedback about our services .?	the real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in b2b marketplaces .?	we would like to meet between november 14 and ? december 1 ? since construction of our services is already underway .?	i have posted this question on the nz visa site and ca n't get any info , does anyone know .???	my tom cat will not eat meat just the juice in the can .?	i got only 63 points while 67 minimunm is requirement .?	attached please find the ge guarantee in word format .?	have you had any knowledgement about pearl pigment .?
grusendorf	kent grusendorf
o.k.	this is o.k. for ken lay , but we are changing to a more uniform address , so would likely be better to use kenneth.lay@enron.com .
kenneth.lay@enron.com	this is o.k. for ken lay , but we are changing to a more uniform address , so would likely be better to use kenneth.lay@enron.com .
wpo	this is a " test email send " of the wpo forum group from richard everett .
713/871-5119	joy powell executive assistant to richard everett 713/871-5119
===================================================	===================================================	====================================================	====================================================	====================================================	====================================================	====================================================	==============================================================================	==============================================================================
disseminate	if you are not the intended recipient , you must not read , use or disseminate the information .
====================================================	====================================================	====================================================	====================================================	====================================================	====================================================	==============================================================================	==============================================================================
katsof	hi mr. katsof -
tco	let me know if you have any interest in the tco - pool leach swap for the winter .
.04	i 'll take tco pool at index and sale leach or pool at index - $ .04 .
36647	please check tenn contract 36647 on the demand speadsheet .
speadsheet	please check tenn contract 36647 on the demand speadsheet .
pasquallie	pasquallie ,
77415-0027	w. don germany , jr po box 27 cedar lane , texas 77415-0027
33,000	had 33,000 miles , ram 2500 3 / 4 ton , 4 x 4 , 360 magnum motor .
nerf	infinity stereo , bucket seats , nerf bars , tool box , bed liner , camper tow package , 5 speed manual .
camper	infinity stereo , bucket seats , nerf bars , tool box , bed liner , camper tow package , 5 speed manual .	overall , joe is a happy camper who has found a great spot .
dueled	oh , it is dueled out through one catalytic converter with flow masters to accent the sound .
converter	oh , it is dueled out through one catalytic converter with flow masters to accent the sound .
tolerable	i believe the fuel consumption will be tolerable as well .	before tet , the war was unpopular but tolerable to the majority of americans in that the loss of american lives was seen as the cost of subduing the vc and nva .	the only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and the vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable .
16,900	i gave $ 16,900 + tax .
sandalwood	it is very clean and is sandalwood , driftwood or something of that nature in color .
driftwood	it is very clean and is sandalwood , driftwood or something of that nature in color .
articulating	i really need to engage brain before articulating !	the commission is definitely more responsive to market participants that are articulating the issue , providing specific examples and proposing the solution .	there 's a canon eos t2i , with the exact same sensor , just no articulating screen .
faltering	one thing is for sure , the economy is not faltering on my account .
hooray	hooray , hoorah !	hooray for craggy .
hoorah	hooray , hoorah !
steers	i may want to put some steers or heifers up there .	i have stayed in this hotel many times , and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck , its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local , not so pleasant hood .
heifers	i may want to put some steers or heifers up there .
11/01/01	we 're set for 11/01/01 .
sweety	be sure to take your sweety out on the balcony tonight and gaze at the full moon .
hickies	i had a couple of hickies on my neck the day after and the guys all wanted to know if those were shuttle burns .
kinesiologist	she is going to be a kinesiologist , sports injury therapist .
11/03	she will be 20 on 11/03 .
jgerma5@aol.com	jgerma5@aol.com .
maw	you should have listened to maw , as long as you keep your mouth shut and your pants zipped , you will be alright .
zipped	you should have listened to maw , as long as you keep your mouth shut and your pants zipped , you will be alright .	" i grabbed my glasses and my knife and unzipped my tent and headed out . "
shucks	shucks , guess none of us three paid much attention to that .
sherrar	oh , jeff sherrar has a new book out .
dudes	there were some pretty cool dudes back around 1774 / 76 .
2301	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034	contact william mcginnis ( rev. bill mcginnis ) 1908 mt vernon ave # 2543 alexandria , va 22301 7037686710 bmc...@patriot.net
brazosport	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034
blvd	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034	michael shames executive director utility consumers ' action network 1717 kettner blvd. suite 105 san diego , ca 92101 619-696-6966 mshames@ucan.org	marvel consultants , inc. 28601 chagrin blvd. cleveland , ohio 44122 usa email : recruiters@marvelconsultants.com < mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com > phone : 216-292-2855 fax : 216-292-7207
3611	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034
freeport	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034
77541	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034
0491	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034
0448	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034
979	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034	[ http://www.newsday.com/news/opinion/ny-vpnasa054135614feb05,0,5979821.story?coll=ny-editorials-headlines ]	darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 94305-5015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie@stanford.edu web http://www.stanford.edu/~duffie/
2102	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034
548	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034	ey4106.7 performance 01-feb-02 p 1,993,045 - $ 43,548
7034	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917034321_15big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917034321_2big.html
divy	2 . i 'm getting ready to divy up the dow stock .
cashout	i thought we only had cashout , at most 3 times , before this june .	is there supposed to be a cashout booked in sitara for these months ?	i believe that doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced .
buring	i do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in july and august of this year .
oglethorpe	would you please ck the oglethorpe deal from july 2000 - dec 2000 ?	oglethorpe over paid their invoice every month .
invoiced	i believe that doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced .	total transportation invoiced for 2001 was $ 180.9 m .
713-853-4743	please call me 713-853-4743
anwser	i assume you have your anwser and do n't need me .
simien	ernie simien	sent by : ernie simien
08/01/2001	08/01/2001 09:14 am
mary.ellenberger@enron.com	mary.ellenberger@enron.com on 05/03/2001 04:06:52 pm	please respond to mary.ellenberger@enron.com
05/03/2001	mary.ellenberger@enron.com on 05/03/2001 04:06:52 pm	esimien@nisource.com on 05/03/2001 01:32:35 pm
04:06:52	mary.ellenberger@enron.com on 05/03/2001 04:06:52 pm
tgpl	subject : re : if tgpl la z1
z1	subject : re : if tgpl la z1
9.95	jan 9.95 feb 6.25 mar 4.98 april 5.37
6.25	jan 9.95 feb 6.25 mar 4.98 april 5.37
4.98	jan 9.95 feb 6.25 mar 4.98 april 5.37
5.37	jan 9.95 feb 6.25 mar 4.98 april 5.37
esimien@nisource.com	esimien@nisource.com on 05/03/2001 01:32:35 pm
01:32:35	esimien@nisource.com on 05/03/2001 01:32:35 pm
penman	gregg penman	gregg penman	gregg penman
10/23/2000	10/23/2000 12:12 pm	10/23/2000 12:12 pm	10/23/2000 12:12 pm
12:12	10/23/2000 12:12 pm	10/23/2000 12:12 pm	10/23/2000 12:12 pm
circulate	the last i knew after you and brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated ( shona took this to do after brent 's return to houston ) for comments to all business controllers .	can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to jeff hodge ) ?	can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to jeff hodge ) ?	can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to jeff hodge ) ?	just keep a window open for a while for fresh air to circulate .
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com	m.nordstrom@pecorp.com	m.nordstrom@pecorp.com	m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
10/20/2000	10/20/2000 11:32 am	10/20/2000 11:32 am	10/20/2000 11:32 am
11:32	10/20/2000 11:32 am	10/20/2000 11:32 am	10/20/2000 11:32 am
enovate	attached please find the latest enovate risk policy .	1 ) highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2 ) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement .	attached please find the latest enovate risk policy .	1 ) highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2 ) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement .	attached please find the latest enovate risk policy .	restaurant on top was renovated , food was decent , price was way to high for duluth for quality , new decor seems tacky
meh-risk	mary << meh-risk oct 20 >>	- meh-risk oct 20.doc	<< meh-risk oct 20 >>	- meh-risk oct 20.doc	<< meh-risk oct 20 >>	- meh-risk oct 20.doc
20.doc	- meh-risk oct 20.doc	- meh-risk oct 20.doc	- meh-risk oct 20.doc
10/26/2000	10/26/2000 11:07 am	10/26/2000 11:26 am	10/26/2000 11:07 am
11:07	10/26/2000 11:07 am	10/26/2000 11:07 am
l.l.c	his initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned l.l.c .	his initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned l.l.c .
whomever	i can print it here , initial it , and fax it to whomever you want .
conscientious	she is very conscientious about what she signs , and who initials what .	the staff are very friendly and conscientious .
11:26	10/26/2000 11:26 am
fce	maybe we ( enron ) could review it tomorrow morning , then send it to fce .
danelia	it 's funny , because usually it 's just me , mom , craig and danelia , and danelia does n't really like roasted turkey or roast beef ( not that she would say it to me ! ) , so there is not just the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise .
elsewise	it 's funny , because usually it 's just me , mom , craig and danelia , and danelia does n't really like roasted turkey or roast beef ( not that she would say it to me ! ) , so there is not just the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise .
alena	it was incredible what a good player alena was .
memorized	she had her cards memorized as well as everyone else s ( when you play you 'll see why you can know everyone else s hands ! ) .
embarrased	i think compared to my house , he 's embarrased about his apartment .
roaches	the texas education reform caucus is made up of business leaders , educators , and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving education in texas .	and his apartment is so run down down i 'm afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby .	now , nasa engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with " go " fever as the tentative date for the first launch since the columbia disaster approaches .	crickets , silk worms , phoenix worms , and various feeder roaches , like red - lobster , turkistan , and dubia , are good example of staple insects to offer your bearded .
stilted	it was a pretty stilted conversation for both of us .
xmas	i 've already made my xmas plans .
kyle.jones@radianz.com	kyle.jones@radianz.com
11/29/2000	11/29/2000 05:07 pm	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->	11/29/2000 04:49 pm	11/29/2000 04:31 pm	11/29/2000 09:52 am	11/29/2000 10:45 am	11/29/2000 10:40 am
05:07	11/29/2000 05:07 pm
tana	tana ,	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->	tana -	tana :	tana ,	we informed tana that we made the change in global counterparty to include , " a division of cargill incorporated " .	that is the source of tana 's concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system .	tana jones	tana ,	tana cashion
thanksgiv8ing	chris and ben did a marvelous job for thanksgiving , i can testify that it was one of the best thanksgiv8ing dinners i 've ever had ( i not gon na tell them that , i do n't want them getting swell heads ) .
gon	most people have n't gone to work the last few days , although it seems that the rest of baghdad is ' normal ' ( if you can define what normal is ) .	http://digon_va.tripod.com/chernobyl.htm	that distinction has now gone to the united states .	it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups , such as the harkat - ul - jehad - al - islami , in the port city of chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebels from india 's northeast in touch with this terrorist network .	a pattern of arrests and seizures indicate that arms are brought by the ltte from laos , cambodia and thailand into chittagong , from where they are transported northward by land to bhutan .	the route from kalikhola in bhutan to cox 's bazar passes through northern bengal , assam and meghalaya , and on into chittagong .	( and , a piece of shrapnel in the forearm that caused only a minor wound would have killed had it hit an eye and gone into the brain ; the shrapnel being in your body demonstrates you were in mortal danger and did n't absent yourself from it .	he has clearly gone on enjoying killing people on a large scale in iraq .	that he managed to get on the wagon ( though with that pretzel incident , you wonder how firmly ) is laudable .	if these weapons have gone missing it 's a terrifying prospect . "	like the tens of billions of dollars that have been " lost " in iraq , planeloads of arms do n't just " vanish " ; not when the pentagon contracts the work to an international criminal of bout 's untouchable stature .	the pentagon is bypassing official us intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...	give me a call tuesday afternoon to discuss ( gone to kelowna golfing for the weekend ) .	in some respects i do n't think the first panel could have gone much better ; everyone thanked ferc for intervening ( though for different reasons ) .	chris and ben did a marvelous job for thanksgiving , i can testify that it was one of the best thanksgiv8ing dinners i 've ever had ( i not gon na tell them that , i do n't want them getting swell heads ) .	you r gon na be the first to see the new baby ( woud n't it be wierd if the baby gets botn on jan 5th ? )	rosario gonzales administrative assistant essg cca-15 , 150301 , 153b09 281-514-3183 rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com > >	have you gone international ?	bilbray joined the " gouging " band wagon .	p.s. please be sure to copy sarah dietrich and jennifer hillegonds on your response -- they will be taking this project during my " hiatus " -- i am moving to pa on friday of this week , and will be out of pocket through approximately 7/16 .	with the price caps gone , the generators filed paperwork with federal regulators justifying higher costs .	increasingly , analysts are saying that china 's efforts have gone beyond what is safe or even in its own interests .	right now , while we 're sitting at our computers enjoying the internet , those innocent , beautiful , loving cats , are dying , somewhere in this troubled world a slow , agonizing death .	some recent research conducted by oregon state university has given considerable credence to this idea .	some conservationists want the protection extended so wolves can move into other states , including colorado , utah and oregon , among others .	on jan. 31 , oregon federal district court judge robert e. jones appeared to agree with them .	the mysterious raphael holinshed was named for the mysterious neoplatonic italian painter raphael sanzio who painted _ st. george fighting the dragon _ ( 1504 - 06 )	0 - number of principal civilian or pentagon staff members who planned the war who have immediate family members serving in uniform in iraq .	10 - number of days that the pentagon spent investigating a soldier who had called the president " a joke " in a letter to the editor of a newspaper .	49 - percentage of americans in april 2004 who found that their taxes had actually gone up since bush took office .	cynangon mod should work .	get the older version of cynagon mod .
woud	you r gon na be the first to see the new baby ( woud n't it be wierd if the baby gets botn on jan 5th ? )
wierd	you r gon na be the first to see the new baby ( woud n't it be wierd if the baby gets botn on jan 5th ? )
botn	you r gon na be the first to see the new baby ( woud n't it be wierd if the baby gets botn on jan 5th ? )
appartment	why did n't craig show ma his appartment ?
ocnversation	what do you think about your phone ocnversation with unlce ben ( he was almost shocked ) ?
unlce	what do you think about your phone ocnversation with unlce ben ( he was almost shocked ) ?
radianz	radianz 1251 avenue of the americas 7th floor new york , ny 10016 usa phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 email : kyle.jones@radianz.com
1251	radianz 1251 avenue of the americas 7th floor new york , ny 10016 usa phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 email : kyle.jones@radianz.com
10016	radianz 1251 avenue of the americas 7th floor new york , ny 10016 usa phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 email : kyle.jones@radianz.com
+1	radianz 1251 avenue of the americas 7th floor new york , ny 10016 usa phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 email : kyle.jones@radianz.com	if you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .
899-4425	radianz 1251 avenue of the americas 7th floor new york , ny 10016 usa phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 email : kyle.jones@radianz.com
899-4310	radianz 1251 avenue of the americas 7th floor new york , ny 10016 usa phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 email : kyle.jones@radianz.com
917	radianz 1251 avenue of the americas 7th floor new york , ny 10016 usa phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 email : kyle.jones@radianz.com	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917034321_15big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917034321_2big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917024918_1big.html
859-7187	radianz 1251 avenue of the americas 7th floor new york , ny 10016 usa phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 email : kyle.jones@radianz.com
http://www.radianz.com	see our web page at " http://www.radianz.com
|--------+----------------------->	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->
tana.jones@en	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->
ron.com	leon branom senior tax analyst networks and services ( 713 ) 345-8702 office leon.branom@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	chris.germany@enron.com on 01/25/2002 03:13:58 pm	if you have any contacts who could help us get in touch with these guest speakers , please let us know at ethink@enron.com .	this is o.k. for ken lay , but we are changing to a more uniform address , so would likely be better to use kenneth.lay@enron.com .	mary.ellenberger@enron.com on 05/03/2001 04:06:52 pm	please respond to mary.ellenberger@enron.com	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->	please do not hesitate to contact either francisco pinto - leite , senior counsel ( 713/345-7942 ; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com ) or me with any questions or comments .	lora sullivan federal government affairs representative enron 1775 eye street , nw suite 800 washington , dc 20006 202-466-9142 202-828-3372 ( fax ) email : lora.sullivan@enron.com	brandee sanborn i.s.c. customer care design & process support http://isc.enron.com/site	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	mark.carr...@chron.com	simply type in the following united way link , http://unitedway.enron.com or go directly to internet explorer or netscape and type in unitedway.enron.com in the address field .	if you are located in london , calgary , toronto , omaha , new york , portland ( ena ) or houston , you can access the live event at http://home.enron.com/employeemeeting .	stacey barclay richardson enron net works , llc - global contracts stacey.richardson@enron.com ( 713 ) 853-0569 office ( 713 ) 646-2495 fax ( 713 ) 710-6084 pager
04:34	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->
>----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
?!	" there 's no tracking mechanism in place " ?!?!?	hey , mr. computer , you ca n't log an email in to your sister ?!	why does it always have to be my deals ...?!!!	help ?!	is there no other verizon to go to around downtown / dupont circle 1?!?!?	where else can you go for $ 10 and recieve this treatment ?!	so what was the point of the appointment !?!	to just come over and hang out ?!?	junkie lube ?!	i would understand if i was being treated this way by a staff member but the club 's actual owner ?!	i 'm no detective but ... uhh ... seriously ?!?	it s prettty much the same $$$ , please advice !?????!!!!	will someone plz help me it 's due wensday !?!?! :(	how much better does it get ?!	who does that ?!
kyle.jones@ra	kyle.jones@radianz.com	kyle.jones@ra
equant	your world series in question document : was received kyle jones / us / americas / equant by : at : 01:00:51 pm today
01:00:51	your world series in question document : was received kyle jones / us / americas / equant by : at : 01:00:51 pm today
taffy	you can take my assistant taffy milligan off these emails again .
milligan	you can take my assistant taffy milligan off these emails again .	- spike milligan
patel@enron	adnan patel@enron
04:49	11/29/2000 04:49 pm
gcp	attached are the gcp signoffs on eol approvals for 11/29/00 with gcp responses marked in red .	any gcp adjustments will be highlighted in red .	attn. gcp_london :	samuel x3-9890 enw_gcp	if sam 's description below of the gcp procedure is correct , it looks to me like something needs to be changed .	i would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and , if you have any problem with changing the gcp procedure , please let me know .	cargill ferrous international is the full name of this division and set up as such in gcp with a sub - to - legal link to cargill , inc. per gcp procedure .	samuel x3-9890 ( gcp ) enron net works _ global data management	yes , gcp provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	gcp procedure is to create counterparty names that reflect either the tradename / division name or parent name -- not both simultaneously .	any gcp adjustments will be highlighted in red .	attn. gcp_london :	samuel x3-9890 enw_gcp
signoffs	attached are the gcp signoffs on eol approvals for 11/29/00 with gcp responses marked in red .
approvals	attached are the gcp signoffs on eol approvals for 11/29/00 with gcp responses marked in red .
11/29/00	attached are the gcp signoffs on eol approvals for 11/29/00 with gcp responses marked in red .
diebner@ect	bradley diebner@ect
04:31	11/29/2000 04:31 pm
bd	al - zaman : american forces killed shaikh abdullah al - ani , the preacher at the mosque in the town of qaim , near the syrian border .	azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by abdul aziz bin muqrin , an al - qaeda operative in saudi arabia on an islamic website ' the voice of jihad ' , in which he stated that " although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in islam , but in this case it is allowed if muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions " .	kalkat , who currently chairs the independent us - based international council on conflict resolution , said despite the failure of the indian army to disarm or even subdue the tigers , india remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks .	very recently , us forces in al - anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing abdul - razaq inad al - gu'ud , sheikh of the al - bu nimr clan from the powerful dulaym tribe .	the letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik abdel rahman and those responsible for the earlier world trade center bombing in 1993 .	various doctors , both foreign and american , are associated with al qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors abdul qadoos khan , a bacteriologist from rawalpindi and aafia siddiqui , phd , from karachi .	microbiologist abdul qadoos khan was charged along with his son , ahmed , for harboring the fugitives .	yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son ahmed abdul qadoos , who receives a stipend from the un for being officially low - iq due to lead poisoning .	they were sent in connection with the earlier bombing of the world trade center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik , sheik abdel rahman .	abdel rahman 's son was captured in quetta , pakistan in mid-february 2003 .	mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the pakistani bacteriologist dr. abdul qadoos khan .	along with zawahiri , abdel rahman and his two sons have had considerable influence over bin laden .	bd	my bday is saturday :) and i wan na have breakfast / lunch with my fam .	before tet , the war was unpopular but tolerable to the majority of americans in that the loss of american lives was seen as the cost of subduing the vc and nva .	i was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track ( from 2 pm - 8 pm ) .	the fallujah fighting has killed fair numbers of iraqi noncombatants , including shaikh abdul wahhab al - janabi of the respected association of muslim scholars .	allawi 's aged cousin and the man 's wife and daughter - in - law were abducted and guerrillas threaten to behead them if the fallujah compaign is not stopped .	the iraqi islamic party lead by muhsin abdul hamid , has been among the few sunni muslim groups willing to cooperate ( even if rather lukewarmly ) with the americans .	assan abdullah khan , 22 , london e17	abdullah ali , 26 , london e17	abdul muneem patel , 17 , london e5	shareef abdelhaleen , 30 , mississauga ;	qayyum abdul jamal , 43 , mississauga ;	yasim abdi mohamed , 24 , kingston ;	steven vikash chand alias abdul shakur , 25 , toronto ;	we 've got a steven , the one word that did n't crash my spell - check , despite it being followed by a vikash chand abdul shakur .
breslau	if so , i 'll get it signed by craig breslau today , then bring it to you for countersignature .
countersignature	if so , i 'll get it signed by craig breslau today , then bring it to you for countersignature .
w/o	i 'm not sure you have the authority to sign documents w/o special authority ...	rates ca n't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion --- trying to finesse it .
defaults	our concern is that we do n't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component .
11/30/2000	11/30/2000 10:52 am
10:52	11/30/2000 10:52 am
eccl	if you do add all the entities , does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for eccl ?
""	with respect to deutsche bank ( "" db " ) , we have one credit issue remaining , db would like us to add all the enron trading entities db trades with as specified entities under the isda master agreement and we are somewhat hesitant to do so , as this could potentially roll up swaps under structured loan transactions into a default under the isda agreement .
swaps	with respect to deutsche bank ( "" db " ) , we have one credit issue remaining , db would like us to add all the enron trading entities db trades with as specified entities under the isda master agreement and we are somewhat hesitant to do so , as this could potentially roll up swaps under structured loan transactions into a default under the isda agreement .
11/8/00	with respect to first union national bank , the draft we were working from was so old that they agreed to look at our current form of agreement which was sent to them on 11/8/00 for review .
paralegal	sara is working on that with susan bailey , another paralegal in our group .	i have my paralegal gathering the pleadings enron requested .
o'connell	denis o'connell
11/22/2000	11/22/2000 06:05 am
06:05	11/22/2000 06:05 am
counterparties	can you please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the isda with the following counterparties and confirm which enron entity you are negotiating on behalf of .	here 's the list with the missing counterparties .	there are only two counterparties at this time who have overdue margin :
tks	tks ,
deutsched	deutsched bank ag
co-signing	i spoke to mark taylor about your signing authority , and he agrees that you do not have the authority to execute documents on your own , but as long as you are only co-signing documents signed by an authorized officer as a control measure we 're ok .
tagg	the referenced tagg # was entered as a ' new counterparty ' , can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure .
u.t.	i 'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the u.t. games , i just have to find out when he wants to go ( as well as properly prepare him for the scott / kelley / parks / wild card gang and the full - day affair that is a u.t. game ) .
hoot	also , i 'm going out to san diego for the labor day weekend to visit hoot 's daughter julie .
needless	needless to say i am very excited .
girlie	hey girlie ,
birdie	a little birdie told me that you were checking into tickets for seoul .
__________________________________________________	____________________________________________________	__________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	_________________________________________________________________	__________________________________________________
yahoo!	do you yahoo! ?	send instant messages & get email alerts with yahoo! messenger .	yahoo!	yahoo! founders jerry yang and david filo selected the name because they considered themselves yahoos ...	as the survey cited in the above - linked article shows , most google users do n't intend to use gmail , and google is n't even as popular as yahoo! and aol .	do you yahoo! ?	yahoo! mail has the best spam protection around
alerts	send instant messages & get email alerts with yahoo! messenger .
http://im.yahoo.com/	http://im.yahoo.com/
tonto	hey tonto ( a.k.a - the trusty , but silent , side - kick to the lone ranger or in this case the big d )
a.k.a	hey tonto ( a.k.a - the trusty , but silent , side - kick to the lone ranger or in this case the big d )	bruce reilly ( a.k.a bruha ) p.o. box 8274 cranston , ri 02920 usa	1542 leonardo , giovanni ( a.k.a. il puttino / the boy ) born in calaria .
poignant	the cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of the most poignant numbers ( i think this could be your true calling ) .
detract	as a result of that , she has managed on several occasions over the years to detract from my enjoyment of playing trivial pursuit or watching jeopardy by absolutely obliterating me ( the girl actually did her senior thesis on trivia ) .	the plain fact is that bush has a sight more in the way of common humanity than a great many of his detractors .
obliterating	as a result of that , she has managed on several occasions over the years to detract from my enjoyment of playing trivial pursuit or watching jeopardy by absolutely obliterating me ( the girl actually did her senior thesis on trivia ) .
trivia	as a result of that , she has managed on several occasions over the years to detract from my enjoyment of playing trivial pursuit or watching jeopardy by absolutely obliterating me ( the girl actually did her senior thesis on trivia ) .	trivia !
kori	kori told me she saw you last night at steak night and introduced herself since i failed to do so the last time we went .
shorty	shorty
08/17/2000	08/17/2000 10:05 am	08/17/2000 11:21 am
10:05	08/17/2000 10:05 am
re-run	i forgot to tell you that i saw your friend on a re-run jeopardy the other night and i almost called you but it came on at 11:30 .
lw	ok , i never get to talk to ruth because she is always on the phone .	i ran into corey last night at lw s and i am thinking this is a girl for darren .	off season is good , however , the disney cruises are almost always completely booked .	i fucking hate this place every time i go this hot chick shows up and i mean really hot but she is like reaaaally dumb and then their is this other chick that is realy ugly but she is like super smart she could be a scientist , but then their is this stoner who always comes here high and he always brings his fucking dog who is so high from the second hand smoke i think he is trying to talk .	the manager came over and said he was sorry and gave a new batch of wings , he said we ca nt really do anything because the doors are always opening and closing .	very friendly and alway contactable even at weekends .
adhering	i think you may be adhering to it too faithfully .	please continue its success by carefully adhering to the instructions .	please remember that this program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participants and by their carefully adhering to directions .
faithfully	i think you may be adhering to it too faithfully .	" commander in chief " does n't mean that he is the boss of the military , merely that he is the administrator , just as he is the administrator of the executive branch , charged with " executing faithfully " all the laws passed by congress and all the decisions rendered by the supreme court .
08/16/2000	08/16/2000 10:56 am	08/16/2000 12:05 pm	traci warner@enron communications on 08/16/2000 03:14:14 pm	08/16/2000 03:48 pm
10:56	08/16/2000 10:56 am	carol st clair 05/25/2001 10:56 am
aaaaaggghhhhhh	aaaaaggghhhhhh ...
07/14/2000	07/14/2000 03:58 pm	07/14/2000 02:18 pm
03:58	07/14/2000 03:58 pm	11/28/2000 03:58 pm
gilbergd@sullcrom.com	gilbergd@sullcrom.com
02:18	07/14/2000 02:18 pm
enrononline	enrononline will assist users , upon request , in arranging for the connection of " t1 " lines or other means of direct access to enrononline , as an alternative to internet access .	direct access connections might enable users to access enrononline more quickly than is currently possible through internet access .	we are thinking of adding a patent pending message to key enrononline pages ( like the homepage ) .	i believe we are to some extent already protected with " enron " proceeded with anything , but enrononline ( tm ) , etc. just affords us more protection .	if we are covered , then was it necessary to register enrononline ?	the contract quantity shall be quantity submitted by counterparty via enrononline ( 5 % greater or lesser allowance at seller 's option ) .	my suggestion is that global counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the enrononline password application -- my understanding is that the enrononline team returns inappropriate applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .	in this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on enrononline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining .
t1	enrononline will assist users , upon request , in arranging for the connection of " t1 " lines or other means of direct access to enrononline , as an alternative to internet access .
bockius	ted bockius < ted.bockius@ivita.com >
ted.bockius@ivita.com	ted bockius < ted.bockius@ivita.com >
07/17/2000	07/17/2000 02:21 pm	07/17/2000 06:15 pm	07/17/2000 04:28 pm	07/17/2000 02:34 pm	07/17/2000 08:50 am
02:21	07/17/2000 02:21 pm
taub	then it 's real easy to call ben taub to find out a room number .? the address is below .?	he is currently in the emergency room at ben taub hospital .?	ben taub hospital is located at 1504 taub loop , houston , texas , phone number : 713-793-2000 .?
??	( not church morality , no that is phoney , love thy neighbor ... hell no , kill thy neighbor - now that is real morality ????? )	who cares ??????	monday's starting next week at 4 ???????????????	re : ???	do you know the address to send cards ??	do you know if bobby can see visitors ??	my concern with adding the language below is , could it be argued that not everyone knew the rate would or could apply at any point , since we just stated topack and needles and if they knew they might have bid a different rate ??	and if yes , what 's the game and wager ???	richard do you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in texas or are you aware of any enron has filed ??	and bridges ???	if i love cats so much , why are n't i doing something ???	how could i work with her to get off her four hand , get balance , and lope smoothly and slowly ??	is it a gud option for casual / formal functions photography ?????	wht abt its picture quality ???	is it comparable to sony products or not ??	i have posted this question on the nz visa site and ca n't get any info , does anyone know .???	why , how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???	any other way ??	any tips or advice to make this a great experience ??	right ??	well one day he said to me you know i do n't wear underwear as he was bent over working on my mare s right front hoof .. and i was like ummmm okay ???	well 6 weeks later when he came back out he was again working on my mare s front foot and i looked down and yeah he had wholes in his pants in the wrong places i bust out laughing and he was like what ???	i was like ummmm i can see your ass cheeks ... he was like oops did i forget my underwear ???	westfield and rt 1 do it well , why ca nt u ????	i am going to give it one last chance in next few months and see ??	it used to be fabulous , why did you guys change it ??	he took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes ??	he asked for a different pair instead and they only gave him five dollars off ??	finest ??	really ??	what is that ?????	do other brides fall for this ???
cpcg	amy cornell compaq cpcg marketing p : 281-518-9526 f : 281-518-1081 amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com > >
281-518-9526	amy cornell compaq cpcg marketing p : 281-518-9526 f : 281-518-1081 amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com > >
281-518-1081	amy cornell compaq cpcg marketing p : 281-518-9526 f : 281-518-1081 amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com > >
amy.cornell@compaq.com	amy cornell compaq cpcg marketing p : 281-518-9526 f : 281-518-1081 amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com > >
mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com	amy cornell compaq cpcg marketing p : 281-518-9526 f : 281-518-1081 amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com > >
jann	jann , phoned this morning and asked me to pass this information to the group , concerning bobby riggins .
phoned	there are concerns that some may have been siphoned off . "	jann , phoned this morning and asked me to pass this information to the group , concerning bobby riggins .	i phoned this company for advice on our office refurb and although we did not use them in the end ( as our building contractor carried out the electrical work ) , they provided me with plenty of useful information over an hour phone call and subsequently we are now using pjc as our electrical maintenance contractor .	they phoned the same day , confirmed it was the gearbox quoted me the job , i gave the go ahead .
riggins	jann , phoned this morning and asked me to pass this information to the group , concerning bobby riggins .
1504	ben taub hospital is located at 1504 taub loop , houston , texas , phone number : 713-793-2000 .?	the mysterious raphael holinshed was named for the mysterious neoplatonic italian painter raphael sanzio who painted _ st. george fighting the dragon _ ( 1504 - 06 )
713-793-2000	ben taub hospital is located at 1504 taub loop , houston , texas , phone number : 713-793-2000 .?
e-mailed	an update will be e-mailed , as soon as one is available .	i e-mailed your assistant earlier this morning and have had no response .
essg	rosario gonzales administrative assistant essg cca-15 , 150301 , 153b09 281-514-3183 rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com > >
cca-15	rosario gonzales administrative assistant essg cca-15 , 150301 , 153b09 281-514-3183 rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com > >
150301	rosario gonzales administrative assistant essg cca-15 , 150301 , 153b09 281-514-3183 rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com > >
153b09	rosario gonzales administrative assistant essg cca-15 , 150301 , 153b09 281-514-3183 rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com > >
281-514-3183	rosario gonzales administrative assistant essg cca-15 , 150301 , 153b09 281-514-3183 rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com > >
rosario.gonzales@compaq.com	rosario gonzales administrative assistant essg cca-15 , 150301 , 153b09 281-514-3183 rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com > >
mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com	rosario gonzales administrative assistant essg cca-15 , 150301 , 153b09 281-514-3183 rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com > >
forster@enron	david forster@enron	david forster@enron
06:15	07/17/2000 06:15 pm
homepage	we are thinking of adding a patent pending message to key enrononline pages ( like the homepage ) .
hansen@enron	patrick hansen@enron
04:28	07/17/2000 04:28 pm	03/10/2000 04:28 pm
planing	michael and myself are planing to be in hoston on thursday and friday of this week .
hoston	michael and myself are planing to be in hoston on thursday and friday of this week .
02:34	07/17/2000 02:34 pm
mid-august	they wish to launch on sept. 1 - meaning we will need to be sending mailings sometime around mid-august .	7 - number of arabic linguists fired by the us army between mid-august and mid-october 2002 for being gay .
pacheco	leonardo pacheco	leonardo pacheco ext. 39938
08:50	07/17/2000 08:50 am	stephen.dyer@bakerbotts.com on 05/01/2001 08:50:01 pm
ext.	leonardo pacheco ext. 39938	vladi pimenov ext. 37625
39938	leonardo pacheco ext. 39938
pickle	i do n't know where this stands officially ( i have n't heard any developments since amsterdam ) but i can find out from bob pickle if you want .
haedicke	mark e haedicke	mark e haedicke	mark e haedicke
07/18/2000	07/18/2000 08:58 am
08:58	07/18/2000 08:58 am	03/26/2001 08:58 pm
cftc	we should include isda energy definitions , cftc matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in north america .
deregulation	we should include isda energy definitions , cftc matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in north america .	( even though he has bigger things to do in d.c. , this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in texas , the repercussions could be global . )	if ercot goes the way of california - either due to market power or poor market design rules - it will be a bad day for deregulation and for pat wood .
eei	i might also add a few items about international developments and the eei physical power trading form .	i have faxed to you the form of bond , our proposed bond provisions and the eei master .	once we agree on the list , we can sign the eei master .	does attachment a to the select eei master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version ?	as far as the eei goes , the only remaining issue that i 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the loc ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the attachment containing the list of prior transactions .
oct.	days away : sept. 21 through oct. 3 ( assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )	sun. oct. 1 - paris to london in afternoon - probably by eurostar train - ( arrv. london late afternoon )	mon. oct. 2 - london ( meetings for clh )	tues. oct. 3 - fly london to houston ( lv. around noon , arrv. around 4:30 pm )	what became known as the palace coup began on oct. 26 when iso board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power .	records show that on oct. 31 , power generators and electricity traders filed letters with the federal energy regulatory commission , demanding that the new plan be killed .	in the oct. 31 letters , electricity producers told federal officials that if price caps were n't removed it would lead to a collapse of the energy market .	it is oct. 6 , and not one family member has been located .
thur.	thur. sept. 21 - arrv. london early a.m. , transfer to flight to nice	thur. sept. 28 - paris ( versailles or fontainbleu - half day side trip )
arrv.	thur. sept. 21 - arrv. london early a.m. , transfer to flight to nice	- arrv. nice around noon ?
a.m.	thur. sept. 21 - arrv. london early a.m. , transfer to flight to nice	the call - in number and instructions for the 11/2 8:30 a.m. meeting are as follows :	time : 11:00 a.m. ( cdt )	attached is a new link for employees unable to attend the all - employee meeting today at 10 a.m. ( cdt ) at the hyatt regency houston , imperial ballroom .
fri.	fri. sept. 22 - stay in same hotel , visit monaco , nice ?	fri. sept. 29 - paris ( giverny - monet 's gardens - 3 / 4 day side trip )
sat.	sat. sept. 23 - drive to st. tropez - through nice , cannes & other coastal towns , check - in mid afternoon	sat. sept. 30 - paris	if you have any questions please feel free to call me ( after sat. the 26th , when i will return from a trip ) .	also , i have an extra ticket for the comets game on sat. you said you wanted to go ?	also , i have an extra ticket for the comets game on sat. you said you wanted to go ?
tropez	sat. sept. 23 - drive to st. tropez - through nice , cannes & other coastal towns , check - in mid afternoon	sun. sept. 24 - st. tropez	mon. sept. 25 - st. tropez
sun.	sun. sept. 24 - st. tropez	sun. oct. 1 - paris to london in afternoon - probably by eurostar train - ( arrv. london late afternoon )
mon.	mon. sept. 25 - st. tropez	mon. oct. 2 - london ( meetings for clh )
tue.	tue. sept. 26 - drive to nice , return car , fly to paris
fontainbleu	thur. sept. 28 - paris ( versailles or fontainbleu - half day side trip )
giverny	fri. sept. 29 - paris ( giverny - monet 's gardens - 3 / 4 day side trip )
monet	fri. sept. 29 - paris ( giverny - monet 's gardens - 3 / 4 day side trip )
eurostar	sun. oct. 1 - paris to london in afternoon - probably by eurostar train - ( arrv. london late afternoon )	information on the eurostar train ?	can children go on the eurostar train on there own to france and where about is the eurostar located	people aged 13 - 17 may be allowed to travel alone at eurostar 's discretion - you should email them for a decision .	eurostar runs from london st pancras station .
clh	mon. oct. 2 - london ( meetings for clh )	clh
tues.	tues. oct. 3 - fly london to houston ( lv. around noon , arrv. around 4:30 pm )
lv.	tues. oct. 3 - fly london to houston ( lv. around noon , arrv. around 4:30 pm )
4:30	tues. oct. 3 - fly london to houston ( lv. around noon , arrv. around 4:30 pm )	i should have a list of post - id's for you by 4:30 today .
taylors	to make matters even more confusing , there are two mark taylors .
forwarded	i believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the mark taylor at ei ( based in london ) .	she forwarded the sommer letter to stan and discussed it with him .	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	these agreements were forwarded to the counterparty , ccng , inc. .	she was instructed to destroy the agreement and another would be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and re-wording of section 7 .	you have received this bbc breaking news alert because you subscribed to it or , someone forwarded it to you .	to unsubscribe ( or subscribe if this message was forwarded to you ) go to : http://www.bbc.co.uk/email	calls are now forwarded to malcolm smith motorsports down the road .
ei.london	if you still have it , can you send it to him at " mark ei.london taylor " ?
worksheet	enclosed is a worksheet for ineos acrylics .	i am putting the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as i send this message .	please find attached a credit worksheet for a master firm contract for the above mentioned counterparty .
ineos	enclosed is a worksheet for ineos acrylics .	ineos is an english company which has a majority of its operations in the us .	<< file : ineos.xls >>
acrylics	enclosed is a worksheet for ineos acrylics .
thresholds	note that the credit thresholds are in us $ , but the macs are designated in british pounds .
macs	note that the credit thresholds are in us $ , but the macs are designated in british pounds .
ineos.xls	<< file : ineos.xls >>
robbi	robbi :	fyi , we had an instructive rest of the conference call on friday with sue and robbie et al .	we are following up with sue and robbie on a couple legal issues , case law and msa self - certification language , and let me know if you have additional items .	also , can you confirm the correct names , email addresses , titles for those new folks on friday 's call : robbie rossi , michelle , melissa lloyd ?
uecomm	i looked at the uecomm master and had some comments -- such as our name is wrong , the cross default threshold for us should be us $ and not aud , and there were a few other questions i had .
aud	i looked at the uecomm master and had some comments -- such as our name is wrong , the cross default threshold for us should be us $ and not aud , and there were a few other questions i had .
suttle	john suttle has ok'd anthony 's latest request w / r. t. the csa .
ok'd	john suttle has ok'd anthony 's latest request w / r. t. the csa .
r.	http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.htm	for weeks , reporters scoured alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing mr. bush at the time he was serving in the national guard there .	there is one place in alabama where mr. bush was present nearly every day : the headquarters in montgomery of us senate candidate winton " red " blount .	npr 's wade goodwyn has this report about mr. bush 's time on that campaign .	goodwyn : the candidate mr. bush was working for , red blount , had gotten rich in alabama in the construction business .	in washington , blount became friends and tennis partners with mr. bush 's father , then congressman bush .	it was mr. bush 's job to organize the republican county chairpersons in the 67 alabama counties .	groom says this job helped mr. bush understand how even in a statewide senate campaign , politics are local .	archibald says that in a campaign full of dedicated workers , mr. bush was not one of them .	mr. murph archibald ( nephew of red blount ) : well , i was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid-evenings .	goodwyn : archibald says that two months before the election , in september of '72 , red blount 's campaign manager came to him and asked that he quietly take over mr. bush 's job because the campaign materials were not getting out to the counties .	mr. archibald : george certainly did n't seem to have any concerns about my taking over this work with the campaign workers there .	goodwyn : murph archibald says that at first , he did n't know that mr. bush was serving in the air national guard .	after he found out from somebody else , archibald attempted to talk to mr. bush about it .	mr. archibald : george did n't have any interest at all in talking about the military .	goodwyn : far from texas and washington , dc , mr. bush enjoyed his freedom .	archibald says mr. bush would come into the office and , in a friendly way , offer up stories about the drinking he 'd done the night before , kind of as a conversation starter .	mr. archibald : people have different ways of starting the days in any office .	goodwyn : archibald says the frequency with which mr. bush discussed the subject was off - putting to him .	mr. archibald : i mean , at that time , i was 28 ; george would have been 25 or 26 .	goodwyn : according to archibald , mr. bush would also sometimes tell stories about his days at yale in new haven , and how whenever he got pulled over for erratic driving , he was let go after the officers discovered he was the grandson of a connecticut us senator .	mr. archibald : he told us whenever he was stopped , as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of prescott bush , they would let him go .	when the flds under mr. jeffs ( and his father before him ) grew to some 10,000 followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of $ 110 million ; when it became clear that government officials , school authorities , and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect ; when ex-members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges ( mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men ) ; and when the sect began to use secluded compounds , state and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously .	http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0509/p02s01-ussc.html?s=t5	http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?id=4503	you all remember the iraqi minister of information , mr. mouhamad said al - sahaf and his press conferences when the us forces were already inside baghdad .	mr. sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester , but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time .	but if experience is any guide , nothing would stand in the way of dr. ayman zawahiri 's decade - long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against us targets that was described by one confidante to an egyptian newspaper reporter .	the confidante and right - hand man of dr. ayman zawahiri admitted that zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against us targets .	the reported finding at dugway undermines the argument of both the " bomb iraq " crowd and the liberals focused on dr. steve hatfill who object to us biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes .	two top iraqi scientists , code named charlie and alpha , are helping the coalition to learn more about iraqi 's anthrax program , according to dr. david kay , head of the iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for wmd .	this extradition and imprisonment of al qaeda leaders , along with us support for israel and the mubarak government in egypt , remains foremost in the mind of dr. zawahiri .
executable	could you please send an executable version of the contract to fred , david , john and me tomorrow ?
timeframes	i have also amended the timeframes in the credit support annex to 10 days instead of 2 days .
amendmnets	if these amendmnets are agreeable to you can you please print and arrange for execution .
sill	anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford , vic 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920	long lines , silly rules , rude staff , ok food
trenerry	anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford , vic 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920
abbotsford	anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford , vic 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920
3067	anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford , vic 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920
ph.	anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford , vic 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920
9221	anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford , vic 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920
4101	anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford , vic 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920
fax.	anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford , vic 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920
4193	anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford , vic 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920
mob.	anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford , vic 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920
0417	anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford , vic 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920
575	anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford , vic 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920	1575 leonardo beats ruy lopez in madrid .	1575 after the plague of cremona , all games except chess were banned .
920	it was a cubist piece from the 1920s and i believe you called the technique a " push wa " ( pronunciation vs an attempt at the proper spelling ) .	anthony sill legal counsel uecomm limited 126 trenerry crescent abbotsford , vic 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920	bruce reilly ( a.k.a bruha ) p.o. box 8274 cranston , ri 02920 usa	in part because of that reputation , the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s , except for a small remnant population on isle royale national park in michigan 's lake superior .	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050920111900_21big.html
0308.doc	<< enron - uc master agreement - 0308.doc >>
coned	conference call with coned at 1:00 today in sara 's office - eb 3801a .
1:00	the time : 10:00 am - 11:00 am cst	the time : 10:00 am - 11:00 am cst	your world series in question document : was received kyle jones / us / americas / equant by : at : 01:00:51 pm today	conference call with coned at 1:00 today in sara 's office - eb 3801a .	i would like to informally get together with you on wednesday , july 18 at 11:45 am - 1:00 pm ( max ) to talk about your recruiting experience with enron canada .	i propose we have a conference call with bob fagan on fri july 20 at 1:00 pm calgary time to discuss any areas of concern / confusion you may have .	game 5 : sunday , june 17 @ 1:00 pm vs. utah starzz	game 10 : sunday , july 8 @ 1:00 pm vs. cleveland rockers	time : 11:00 a.m. ( cdt )	please approve the following product type in datamanager after 11:00 p.m .	my boyfriend and i were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by drunken kids who 'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springs .	got put into the wrong room the first night , and were quite surprised to have someone with the same room key trying to get in the door at 1:00 am !	go to la after say 11:00 search the street corners btw keep ur wallet locked up and have $ 200 on hand have a gun just in case btw
3801a	conference call with coned at 1:00 today in sara 's office - eb 3801a .
ispat	attached for your further handling is the draft form deemed isda between ena and ispat mexicana s.a. de c.v .
mexicana	attached for your further handling is the draft form deemed isda between ena and ispat mexicana s.a. de c.v .
s.a.	attached for your further handling is the draft form deemed isda between ena and ispat mexicana s.a. de c.v .
c.v	attached for your further handling is the draft form deemed isda between ena and ispat mexicana s.a. de c.v .
x33907	marie x33907	marie x33907	marie x33907
elliotts	here 's info on the elliotts .
!!!!!!!	congratulations !!!!!!!	ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated ....... thanks !!!!!!!	best place ever !!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	ten points !!!!!!!!!!?	the person who best explains this , and helps me out the best with my question will be rewarded with ten points !!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!	thank you !!!!!!!!!!!!! :d	they are awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	excellent , top guys a +++++ reccommend to anyone !!!!!!!!!!	my family and i thank you !!!!!!!!!!	i hated sushi before but now i ca nt stop eatting it !!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	juno and open i love you guys !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	real christian of you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	can i have some indoor pet ideas please !!!!!!!!!!!!!?	best place to sleep !!!!!!!	so go and get dancing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	go to the looking glass for all your smoking needs !!!!!!!!!!	the teaching there sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	all of the teachers there are so mean they get mad at you for nothing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
triplets	this is just to let you know that emma gave birth at week 34 on friday , 6th july , to our triplets :
12.45	benjamin james - at 12.45 pm - 3 lbs 4 ozs
ozs	benjamin james - at 12.45 pm - 3 lbs 4 ozs	hannah may - 12.48 pm - 3 lbs 15 ozs .
12.46	toby william - 12.46 pm - 4 lbs
12.48	hannah may - 12.48 pm - 3 lbs 15 ozs .
oops	oops !
polykron	attached are the fax cover pages for each of the nylon and polykron deemed isdas i just sent you .
isdas	attached are the fax cover pages for each of the nylon and polykron deemed isdas i just sent you .	currently we have a blank " sample " for our paragraph 13s which are attached to our sample isdas for ( a ) us corporate , ( b ) hedge funds , ( c ) municipal .
attaching	i am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts .
authorizing	i am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts .
brokerage	i am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts .
revise	per our conversation a few minutes ago , attached please find the revised stipulation .	they will be sending the revised document to me .	i 'm forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet , showing revisions from your original version .	as we discussed , the following is revised disclosure regarding direct access to deal with the cost issue :	i have attempted to revise them to make them clearer .	attached is the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with bob fagan earlier this week .	a revised version of the evaluation form for associates and analysts is attached below .	took me a little longer to review and revise adam 's first drafts than i had thought ( there 's a lot going on here , as you 'll see soon ) .	joe asked that you fax the revised gtee wording that has been agreed ( i believe it was our agreeing to reduce the claim period from 15 days down to 5 ) and the new l/c wording ( drops the 2 day period to replace an l/c with a different bank if the first refuses to pay ) .	how are you making out on the revised version of the loc ?	here are the revised dates for the response / reply / and hearing dates for enron 's motion to compel .	i revised the language based on our discussions and added the language concerning interest which we had both previously approved .	i have attached a revised copy of the gisb agreement and special provisions for your review and consideration .	see attached revised article 4.6 masters below .	i talked with gary wilson , and he confirmed that the revised values are correct .	as we discussed , here is a first effort at a revised tva offer letter .	please let me know what shape you all think the offer ought to take and we can revise accordingly .	send the revised report by e-mail .	here is a revised draft of the cdwr risk memo .
armogida	perhaps jim armogida can assist in revising them as i am sure he is more familiar with the way enron corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are .
revising	perhaps jim armogida can assist in revising them as i am sure he is more familiar with the way enron corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are .	there is a classical logical fallacy , post hoc ergo propter hoc ( z happens after x , therefore z is caused by x ) , and i keep revising this posting this evening because i do n't want to fall into it .
guaranty	i am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for pemex that you provided to lucy ortiz .	attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty , which reflect our comments .	ginny , please see the attached guaranty .	the guaranty for the ppa is blacklined against the enron epc contract guaranty in favor of the banks which was granted in connection with our cabazon wind power project ( the project most recently financed by ewc ) and the gpsa guaranty is blacklined against the ppa guaranty .	we plan to use the same basic form for the enron guaranty that will be made in favor of epmi with respect to the seller 's obligations under the ppa .	we will forward the draft of that guaranty to you later today .
pemex	i am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for pemex that you provided to lucy ortiz .
leite	please do not hesitate to contact either francisco pinto - leite or me with any questions or comments .	please do not hesitate to contact either francisco pinto - leite , senior counsel ( 713/345-7942 ; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com ) or me with any questions or comments .
713/345-7942	please do not hesitate to contact either francisco pinto - leite , senior counsel ( 713/345-7942 ; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com ) or me with any questions or comments .
francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com	please do not hesitate to contact either francisco pinto - leite , senior counsel ( 713/345-7942 ; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com ) or me with any questions or comments .
para.	per our conversation yesterday afternoon , attached are proposed drafts of the schedule and the para. 13 relative to the above .
goldmann	having spoken with dennis goldmann , i am advised that there are currently 2 guaranties in place in the sum of $ 8 m each : one by niagara mohawk holdings inc f / b / o enron , and one by enron inc. f / b / o niagara mohawk energy marketing .	any credit concerns can be discussed with dennis goldmann , who can be reached at 315-460-3349 .
guaranties	having spoken with dennis goldmann , i am advised that there are currently 2 guaranties in place in the sum of $ 8 m each : one by niagara mohawk holdings inc f / b / o enron , and one by enron inc. f / b / o niagara mohawk energy marketing .	i am told that our respective credit departments want to raise the credit lines to $ 10 m for each party , but to effect that we will have to modify the existing guaranties accordingly .
315-460-3344	i can be reached at 315-460-3344 .
315-460-3349	any credit concerns can be discussed with dennis goldmann , who can be reached at 315-460-3349 .
nmemdrft8-7-01	( see attached file : enron - schedule ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc ) ( see attached file : enron - para13 ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc )	- enron - schedule ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc	- enron - para13 ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc
.doc	<< stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc >>	<< blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc >>	- stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc - blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc	- redvepco.doc	- meh-risk oct 20.doc	- meh-risk oct 20.doc	- meh-risk oct 20.doc	<< enron - uc master agreement - 0308.doc >>	( see attached file : enron - schedule ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc ) ( see attached file : enron - para13 ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc )	- enron - schedule ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc	- enron - para13 ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc	<< file : tabors conflict letter alberta export 050901.doc >>	<< alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc >>	<< alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>	- alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc << file : alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc >>	- alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc << file : alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>	<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>	- primary rights 4-12 .doc	( see attached file : eta_revision0307.doc )	- eta_revision0307.doc	- brenner , ursula j.doc << file : brenner , ursula j.doc >>	- percell, peter resume only.doc	- percell, peter a & c exp.doc	<< file : 220b - dg - agreement for recruiting services.doc >> << file : 220a dg - agreement for contract services.doc >>	- em-enro2.doc	<< 1%p701!.doc >>	<< pg&e gas accord ii settlement proposal 12-20-00.doc >> << proposed gas rule 27.doc >> << cos & rates workpapers for ga ii 12-20-2000 proposal.xls >>	<< file : questar so trails hub interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>	<< file : questar so trails hub interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>	( see attached file : sanders letter 4_28_00.doc )	- sanders letter 4_28_00.doc	( see attached file : constellation power ( gisb draft ) .doc ) ( see attached file : sam3102.doc )
para13	( see attached file : enron - schedule ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc ) ( see attached file : enron - para13 ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc )	- enron - para13 ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc
gtc's	did you get a chance to find those gtc's for ena that you can forward this way ?
liquidations	i just got of the phone with hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily p&l #'s right , if nothing were done the month end p&l would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .	i just got of the phone with hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily p&l #'s right , if nothing were done the month end p&l would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .
p&l	i just got of the phone with hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily p&l #'s right , if nothing were done the month end p&l would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .	i just got of the phone with hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily p&l #'s right , if nothing were done the month end p&l would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .
#'s	i just got of the phone with hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily p&l #'s right , if nothing were done the month end p&l would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .	i just got of the phone with hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily p&l #'s right , if nothing were done the month end p&l would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .
liq	i just got of the phone with hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily p&l #'s right , if nothing were done the month end p&l would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .	there was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value .	i 'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems .	i am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 puts are in the money and the $ 75 call is also in the money .	should n't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative ( representing positive liquidation ) for the puts ?	the liq value for the call is correct .	i just got of the phone with hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily p&l #'s right , if nothing were done the month end p&l would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .	there was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value .	i 'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems .	i am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 puts are in the money and the $ 75 call is also in the money .	should n't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative ( representing positive liquidation ) for the puts ?	the liq value for the call is correct .	china will purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from iran over the next 30 years , will develop the massive yadavaran oil field in iran , and will receive 150,000 barrels of oil per day from that field .	further , any fighting in the persian gulf would imperil the tankers running china 's liquefied natural gas through the strait of hormuz .	i am not a client of liquidweb.com , but one of my friend called steven is the client having several websites .	oh , and their liquor license was expired so no bloody mary or mimosas .	it does n't change the company 's intrinsic worth , and as the article notes , the company might be added to a major index once the shares get more liquid .	yes you can carry your duty free bottles , and liquids onto your connection as it is only a domestic flight :-)
meira	marcelo l. meira sr it developer enron networks - houston , tx ( 713 ) 345-3436	marcelo l. meira sr it developer enron networks - houston , tx ( 713 ) 345-3436
345-3436	marcelo l. meira sr it developer enron networks - houston , tx ( 713 ) 345-3436	marcelo l. meira sr it developer enron networks - houston , tx ( 713 ) 345-3436
11608	the post id i am looking at for calgary is 11608 .	the post id i am looking at for calgary is 11608 .
11:45	i would like to informally get together with you on wednesday , july 18 at 11:45 am - 1:00 pm ( max ) to talk about your recruiting experience with enron canada .	05/25/2001 11:45 am	the pool was supposed to close at 10 and they would have people down there until 11:45 yelling , playing music and do who - knows - what in the dark corners of the pool .
gearing	we 're gearing up for our 2001 / 02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process .
2:00	however , if you can wait til 2:00 pm to eat , go ahead and grab something and expense it !	kindly confirm your availability to attend an analyst and associate recruiting meeting scheduled for thursday , july 26th at 2:00 p.m. ( 4:00 p.m. toronto time ) .	game 1 : monday , may 28 @ 2:00 pm vs. los angeles sparks	please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m. , friday , may 4th	when : june 12 , 2005 , 2:00 p.m. to 2:00 a.m.	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/15/2005 05:12:00 pm
videoconference	we 'll hook you guys in by videoconference .
conferenced	the toronto office will be video conferenced in .	if anyone would like to be conferenced in or attend in person , please let me know .
nella	nella	sent by : nella cappelletto
fagan	attached is the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with bob fagan earlier this week .	i propose we have a conference call with bob fagan on fri july 20 at 1:00 pm calgary time to discuss any areas of concern / confusion you may have .
tca	also , would those of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the tca work on this .
tabors	<< file : tabors conflict letter alberta export 050901.doc >>
050901.doc	<< file : tabors conflict letter alberta export 050901.doc >>
redlined	i 've also included a redlined draft showing changes .	<< alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>	- alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc << file : alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>	after discussions with the commercial group i propose that that redlined language be added to the attached dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we 've done .	a clean and redlined version are attached .
analysis_0712	<< alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc >>	<< alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>	- alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc << file : alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc >>	- alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc << file : alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>
5.1	with reference to article 5 , section 5.1 ( b ) , are we going to propose an alternative planned outage to tau for next year ?	i understand not wanting to put labels like 5.10 on an indoor course , because yes , it is not the same , but some clear understanding of the difficulty of one course to another is nice when you are an intermediate climber looking to improve .
outage	with reference to article 5 , section 5.1 ( b ) , are we going to propose an alternative planned outage to tau for next year ?
kaplan@iepa.com	" katie kaplan " < kaplan@iepa.com >
10/27/2000	10/27/2000 06:20 pm
06:20	10/27/2000 06:20 pm
greetings	greetings :	greetings judge minkin :	greetings .
iep	iep will be hosting a dinner for california governor gray davis on thursday , december 7 , 2000 at the historic julia morgan house in sacramento .	katie kaplan manager of policy iep ( 916 ) 448-9499
100,000	we will be targeting to raise at least $ 100,000 so company contributions will range from $ 10,000 - $ 20,000 per person ( $ 10 k minimum per person ) depending on the number of respondents .	unfortunately , our partners from 1991 are not willing to shoulder the burden of this new venture , which in its upcoming phase may cost the sum of 100 billion to 200 billion dollars ( $ 100,000,000,000 - $ 200,000,000,000 ) , both in the initial acquisition and in long - term management .	( participants pledged to raise at least $ 100,000 by bundling together cheques of up to $ 1,000 from friends and family .	268 number of bush - cheney fund - raisers who had earned pioneer status ( by raising $ 100,000 each ) as of march 2004 .	my 2004 x - type was getting close to 100,000 miles so it was time for an upgrade .	> 100,000 newsgroups	> 100,000 newsgroups	-----== over 100,000 newsgroups - 19 different servers ! =-----
cob	we need responses or direction by no later than cob on monday , october 30 , 2000 .
916	katie kaplan manager of policy iep ( 916 ) 448-9499	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .
448-9499	katie kaplan manager of policy iep ( 916 ) 448-9499
hoecker	seems like a good idea to keep the heat on hoecker & co. right up until nov. 1 .	james j. hoecker , the former federal energy regulatory commission chairman , defended making the december decision and also defended winter .	" they filed an emergency motion , and we were not about to let california go dark , '' hoecker said .
chats	i 'm glad they want to follow - up with steve ( i 've been pushing it ) and i 've got some follow - up as well based on chats i had in the afternoon on friday with folks post-call .
post-call	i 'm glad they want to follow - up with steve ( i 've been pushing it ) and i 've got some follow - up as well based on chats i had in the afternoon on friday with folks post-call .
regroup	let 's regroup on monday .
meier	jeremy meier < jermeier@earthlink.net >	jeremy meier blumenfeld & cohen
jermeier@earthlink.net	jeremy meier < jermeier@earthlink.net >
10/29/2000	10/29/2000 11:48 am
11:48	10/29/2000 11:48 am
instructive	fyi , we had an instructive rest of the conference call on friday with sue and robbie et al .
msa	we are following up with sue and robbie on a couple legal issues , case law and msa self - certification language , and let me know if you have additional items .
cpuc	we await approval on the final tariff language and can then file at the cpuc .	confidential settlement document per cpuc rule 51	* offers a 7.5 cent / dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers , minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other cpuc - approved charges . *
blumenfeld	jeremy meier blumenfeld & cohen
leibman@enron	lara leibman@enron communications
10/31/2000	10/31/2000 03:48 pm
03:48	10/31/2000 03:48 pm	05/01/2001 03:48 pm	08/16/2000 03:48 pm	soblander@carrfut.com on 08/15/2000 06:03:48 pm
buis	angie buis	angie buis ebs - tax x-37097
10/31/00	10/31/00 02:17 pm
02:17	10/31/00 02:17 pm
11/2	asia times online 16/11/2004	11/29/2000 05:07 pm	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->	11/29/2000 04:49 pm	attached are the gcp signoffs on eol approvals for 11/29/00 with gcp responses marked in red .	11/29/2000 04:31 pm	11/22/2000 06:05 am	the call - in number and instructions for the 11/2 8:30 a.m. meeting are as follows :	01/11/2001 02:42 pm	11/28/2000 06:16 pm	11/28/2000 03:58 pm	11/28/2000 11:34 am	11/28/2000 07:35 pm	11/28/2000 08:22 am	11/28/2000 11:25 am	11/28/2000 09:46 am	11/27/2000 10:25 am	11/28/2000 09:56 pm	11/27/2000 10:25 am	11/29/2000 09:52 am	11/29/2000 10:45 am	11/29/2000 10:40 am	( filed : 19/11/2004 )	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 11/20/2004 03:10:35 pm
1-877-331-6867	everyone will dial the toll free number 1-877-331-6867 .
600-480	all the outside participants will be prompted to enter their access code , which is 600-480 .
4434	wayne , your access code ( room 4434 ) after dialing the toll free number will be 857-771 .	http://www.speedtest.net/result/1155244347.png
dialing	wayne , your access code ( room 4434 ) after dialing the toll free number will be 857-771 .
857-771	wayne , your access code ( room 4434 ) after dialing the toll free number will be 857-771 .
3.5	the duration of the call is 3.5 hours .	* provides a high degree of rate stability , with a 3.5 % escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects .	apps 4 salad 3 entree 3.5 wine 5 ( nov 07 )	i adopted a 3.5 month old yellow lab last winter from the dumb friends league .	i am looking for people who would like to play d & d 3.5 and live in or around the chillicothe , oh area .	now at 83.5 .	do you know the online streaming link for red fm 93.5 delhi ?
x-37097	angie buis ebs - tax x-37097
signatories	attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the gas industry restructuring / natural gas strategy proceeding , including the motion for approval of the comprehensive settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the comprehensive settlement , the comprehensive settlement document itself , and the various appendices to the settlement .?
appendices	attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the gas industry restructuring / natural gas strategy proceeding , including the motion for approval of the comprehensive settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the comprehensive settlement , the comprehensive settlement document itself , and the various appendices to the settlement .?
ratepayer	we now have a settlement before the commission that includes ratepayer advocates , commercial and industrial customers , electric generators , marketers , shippers , independent storage providers ,? gas suppliers ,? producers , utilities , aggregators , pipeline companies , wholesale customers , municipalities , and retail mass marketers , among others .?
marketers	we now have a settlement before the commission that includes ratepayer advocates , commercial and industrial customers , electric generators , marketers , shippers , independent storage providers ,? gas suppliers ,? producers , utilities , aggregators , pipeline companies , wholesale customers , municipalities , and retail mass marketers , among others .?	on my panel , loretta lynch asked reliant and duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers .	my concern is that between now and then dunn , the ag have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief , which could be detrimental to generators / marketers ' claims .	a team of san diego 's best anti-trust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the electric generators and marketers in california state court in an effort to return the electricity overcharges that have battered san diego and the rest of california this year .
shippers	after asking me which tribe i belong to ( thus assessing my sectarian background ) he started hurling abuses at the shia , calling them persians , majoos ( fire worshippers ) , rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that i ca n't mention here .	we now have a settlement before the commission that includes ratepayer advocates , commercial and industrial customers , electric generators , marketers , shippers , independent storage providers ,? gas suppliers ,? producers , utilities , aggregators , pipeline companies , wholesale customers , municipalities , and retail mass marketers , among others .?	also , revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from pge at rates above tw 's tariff rates were adjusted accordingly .
,?	we now have a settlement before the commission that includes ratepayer advocates , commercial and industrial customers , electric generators , marketers , shippers , independent storage providers ,? gas suppliers ,? producers , utilities , aggregators , pipeline companies , wholesale customers , municipalities , and retail mass marketers , among others .?
aggregators	we now have a settlement before the commission that includes ratepayer advocates , commercial and industrial customers , electric generators , marketers , shippers , independent storage providers ,? gas suppliers ,? producers , utilities , aggregators , pipeline companies , wholesale customers , municipalities , and retail mass marketers , among others .?
laurels	so much for resting on our laurels .?
ld2d-#69366-1.doc	<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>	- ld2d-#69366-1.doc	- ld2d-#69366-1.doc
ld2d-#69345-1.doc	<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>	- ld2d-#69345-1.doc	- ld2d-#69345-1.doc
ld2d-#69397-1.doc	<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>	- ld2d-#69397-1.doc
ld2d-#69396-1.doc	<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>	- ld2d-#69396-1.doc
ld2d-#69377-1.xls	<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>	- ld2d-#69377-1.xls
ld2d-#69381-1.doc	<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>	- ld2d-#69381-1.doc
ld2d-#69336-1.xls	<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>	- ld2d-#69336-1.xls
4-12	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>	- primary rights 4-12 .doc
ld2d-#69334-1.doc	<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>	- ld2d-#69334-1.doc
severin	severin borenstein
borenstein	severin borenstein
e.t.	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
grether	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
u.c.	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
2539	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
channing	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
94720-1900	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
94720-5180	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
510-642-3689	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
510-642-5145	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
707-885-2508	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
borenste@haas.berkeley.edu	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
cem	attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel i 'll be on at a cem conference in sf on thursday afternoon .
steffes	have distributed to western ga team ( plus steffes ) for comment and thought you may have some , too .	linda robertson says they should be charged to jim steffes ' cost center , etc .
puc	we await approval on the final tariff language and can then file at the cpuc .	topic for panel , " puc priorities . "	doug and i met with the chairman of puct and have had subsequent conversations .	those currently listed as invitees are puct commissioners and ercot 's sam jones and tom noel .	enron needs to use this situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the puct and ercot iso on what is driving these problems and our proposed fixes .	as important , the new puct commissioners need some help right now in messaging the market .	confidential settlement document per cpuc rule 51	* offers a 7.5 cent / dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers , minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other cpuc - approved charges . *
refute	goal is to ( politely ? ) refute loretta lynch 's and carl woods ' continued assertions that 1 ) california 's move to deregulate was based solely on ideology with no basis in fact and 2 ) the solution is to turn back the clock to command - and - control regulation .
assertions	goal is to ( politely ? ) refute loretta lynch 's and carl woods ' continued assertions that 1 ) california 's move to deregulate was based solely on ideology with no basis in fact and 2 ) the solution is to turn back the clock to command - and - control regulation .
deregulate	goal is to ( politely ? ) refute loretta lynch 's and carl woods ' continued assertions that 1 ) california 's move to deregulate was based solely on ideology with no basis in fact and 2 ) the solution is to turn back the clock to command - and - control regulation .
s.d.	we 'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to s.d. last week .	my flight gets into s.d. at at 8:35 on southwest .
8:35	my flight gets into s.d. at at 8:35 on southwest .
sandi	sandi sez it 's actually happening at 10 am and it 's renewable - focused .
sez	sandi sez it 's actually happening at 10 am and it 's renewable - focused .
03/08/2000	03/08/2000 09:45 am	03/08/2000 05:37 pm	03/08/2000 05:37 pm
09:45	03/08/2000 09:45 am	01/13/2001 09:45 am
marly	marly asked me to respond to you .	marly ,
08/03/2000	08/03/2000 11:35	08/03/2000 01:50
x37047	i 'm @ x37047 .
tm	despite the name , this entity appears to be a mtm company .	per september financials , this company has about $ 3 m of mtm and about $ 8 k of expenses , nothing else .	i believe we are to some extent already protected with " enron " proceeded with anything , but enrononline ( tm ) , etc. just affords us more protection .	the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	the new tw hotline was implemented monday which included customer notification in the form of a popup message in tms and a critical notice which sent an email .	it was initially referred to as hotmail with selective uppercasing .
affords	i believe we are to some extent already protected with " enron " proceeded with anything , but enrononline ( tm ) , etc. just affords us more protection .
trademarks	i assume this is akin to why mcdonald 's trademarks " mc " everything ?
01:50	08/03/2000 01:50
trademarking	can you please give me a call to discuss trademarking ?
enroneauction	e.g. : enroneauction .
____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	_________________________________________________________________
non-approved	per my conversation with edmund this morning , we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list : austria , belgium , croatia , czech republic , denmark , poland , portugal , romania , singapore , and slovenia .	for banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. u.s. and u.k. branches ) .
u.k	jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives : finland , germany , norway , sweden , switzerland , the u.k , and the u.s. .	for banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. u.s. and u.k. branches ) .	i never stayed more than two weeks at a time when i visited the u.k .
u.k.	for banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. u.s. and u.k. branches ) .
cappelletto	sent by : nella cappelletto
otc	yes , we should add compliance with otc derivatives and / or commodity contracts and qualified party requirements of the securities act ( alberta ) , securities act ( british columbia ) and securities act ( ontario ) .
equivalant	with regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with , do we not want to add the canadian provinces new " eligible swap participant " equivalant rules ?
05:37	03/08/2000 05:37 pm	03/08/2000 05:37 pm
3/8/00	please find attached credit 's eol responses for 3/8/00 .	please find attached credit 's eol responses for 3/8/00 .
...?!!!	why does it always have to be my deals ...?!!!
crawfish	we 've received a personal invitation to a nymex crawfish boil on april 3 at 5:00 at garden in the heights at 3926 feagan .
3926	we 've received a personal invitation to a nymex crawfish boil on april 3 at 5:00 at garden in the heights at 3926 feagan .
feagan	we 've received a personal invitation to a nymex crawfish boil on april 3 at 5:00 at garden in the heights at 3926 feagan .
shankman	it would be nice if shankman and john arnold could attend .	dear mr. shankman ,
ecc	if you do add all the entities , does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for eccl ?	i am going to count it as signed , since bc gas has signed , but we still need it to be signed by ecc .
weathertrade	we have received the executed amendment to the subscription agreement with weathertrade , inc. dated march 2 , 2000 .
amends	this amendment amends the transaction fee referenced in subparagraph ( c ) of the fee schedule to the subscription agreement .
subparagraph	this amendment amends the transaction fee referenced in subparagraph ( c ) of the fee schedule to the subscription agreement .
updating	updating another blue file because susan b. , this time , has not updated it to reference mergers & name changes !
b.	juan cole ( www.juancole.com ) is a professor of modern middle east history at the university of michigan and author of " sacred space and holy war " ( i.b. tauris , 2002 ) .	updating another blue file because susan b. , this time , has not updated it to reference mergers & name changes !	the transaction is f.o.b. reserve marine terminal in chicago , ill metro area .	f.o.b. refers to the following terms : seller is responsible for freight , unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse , buyer is responsible for storage , loading and freight after delivery .
cpys	it appears you missed some cpys on the referenced list because tom had the freeze panel button on , and you probably did n't see them at first .
unfreeze	when you have a minute , i 'll give me a call and i 'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel .
kuykendall	tori kuykendall
03/09/2000	03/09/2000 03:51 pm	03/09/2000 05:39 pm
03:51	03/09/2000 03:51 pm	01/24/2001 03:51 pm
arco	the company is arco products , adn their comments are on the attached file .
adn	the company is arco products , adn their comments are on the attached file .	my name is josalyn leainne creek and i 'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in may adn of this year and i love animals and i 'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister 's deli and i ', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i 'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor 's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i do nt care about how much you guys pay and i 've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama	just pray for her ad=nd try to hlep your dog and do some physical therapy on the hind legs and take her to the vet and ig it costs a whole lot ask hlep from you friends and family adn since she s not eating feed her by hand
torrey	torrey , as promised i have attached arco 's suggested revisions to the enron online trading agreement .
thorny	i look forward to working toward a mutually satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of e-commerce contracting .
e-commerce	i look forward to working toward a mutually satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of e-commerce contracting .	the best company in phuket for creating website and e-commerce website .
eta_revision0307.doc	( see attached file : eta_revision0307.doc )	- eta_revision0307.doc
05:39	03/09/2000 05:39 pm
3/9/00	please find attached credit 's eol responses for 3/9/00 .
03/10/2000	03/10/2000 04:28 pm
3/10/00	please note credit has no eol responses for 3/10/00 .
04/04/2001	04/04/2001 09:27 am
09:27	04/04/2001 09:27 am
merchanting	please find attached the most recent update for merchanting metals .	several related issues have resulted in an increase in the level of operating risk for the merchanting metals business .	the discovery of a number of ' bugs ' within the as400 merchanting code , arising from the release of obsf designed functionality , which compounded the operational burden of supporting the obsf .	the senior it developer for merchanting has resigned and been sent on gardening leave .	the corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issues .	the implementation for sap for the merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on obsf for it merchanting developers .
substantiation	in summary the planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts are behind schedule .	the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	the circularisation of barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis	a resubstantiation of the full q1 dpr will be completed by the risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between q1 open and q1 close	a full substantiation of creditors to internal ( contract commitments ) or external documentation ( invoices / request for payment )
signoff	additional resources are being allocated and the situation is being closely monitored ( both for quarter end signoff and on going operations ) .	the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	the signoff for additional permanent ' enron ' headcount who will ' duplicate ' certain key position control processes ultimately replacing some existing traffic staff	however , this difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review and signoff of system p&l values with traders .	the recall of all obsf stock in early april and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated .	the uncertainty generated by the revocation of aa 's signoff for the facility late in the year end audit .	an enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end q1 covering gross tonnage , spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations .
03/04/2001	03/04/2001 16:29
16:29	03/04/2001 16:29
tonnage	the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	an enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end q1 covering gross tonnage , spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations .
debtors	the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	the debtors / creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd	a risk based debtors review - matching to source documentation , where applicable , and any subsequent post quarter end cash movements
creditor	the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	the debtors / creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd	a full substantiation of creditors to internal ( contract commitments ) or external documentation ( invoices / request for payment )
balances	the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	a resubstantiation of the full q1 dpr will be completed by the risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between q1 open and q1 close	a full circularisation of inventory balances , and matching to source documentation within enron	inspection of certain of the above inventory balances , by third party inspectors , where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis	from there you end up with electrolyte imbalances , which can lead to heart and kidney problems .
obsf	the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	that obsf values within the extended trial balance may be misstated due to data issues ( above and beyond existing conversations with aa on model simplifications )	the recall of all obsf stock in early april and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated .	detailed position analysis of all obsf contracts that must be reconciled to barclays documentation	spreadsheet recalculation of obsf option premium utilising the above manually created position analysis	complexities surrounding the operation of the off balance sheet facility ( " obsf " ) which commenced two weeks before the year end .	the discovery of a number of ' bugs ' within the as400 merchanting code , arising from the release of obsf designed functionality , which compounded the operational burden of supporting the obsf .	the requirement to amend the operational process and obsf it code as a result of the current renegotiation of the obsf with barclays ( and aa ) .	the implementation for sap for the merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on obsf for it merchanting developers .	user requests for additional as400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of obsf .	full reconciliation and recalculation of obsf option premium values	full reconciliation of contracts within the obsf to barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to as400 barclays account
transactional	the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account
barclays	the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account
intercompany	the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	the circularisation of barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis	a full reconciliation of intercompany accounts
as400	despite the best efforts of it , continuing problems with the as400 application , a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports , and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that i am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to aa to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values .	that there are reconciling differences between trader position analyses , as400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position report ( these differences are at present not understood but would need to be provided to aa within the audit timetable )	a reconciling difference of $ 15 mm exists between the reported dpr and the final accounting p&l as generated on the as400 .	the discovery of a number of ' bugs ' within the as400 merchanting code , arising from the release of obsf designed functionality , which compounded the operational burden of supporting the obsf .	the necessary report functionality should be available within the as400 , however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical vba / excel reports outside of the as400 but using as400 data downloads .	user requests for additional as400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of obsf .	full reconciliation of contracts within the obsf to barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to as400 barclays account
inconsistency	despite the best efforts of it , continuing problems with the as400 application , a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports , and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that i am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to aa to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values .
useability	despite the best efforts of it , continuing problems with the as400 application , a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports , and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that i am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to aa to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values .
enquiry	despite the best efforts of it , continuing problems with the as400 application , a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports , and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that i am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to aa to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values .
misstated	that obsf values within the extended trial balance may be misstated due to data issues ( above and beyond existing conversations with aa on model simplifications )
simplifications	that obsf values within the extended trial balance may be misstated due to data issues ( above and beyond existing conversations with aa on model simplifications )
reconciling	that there are reconciling differences between trader position analyses , as400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position report ( these differences are at present not understood but would need to be provided to aa within the audit timetable )	a reconciling difference of $ 15 mm exists between the reported dpr and the final accounting p&l as generated on the as400 .	a resubstantiation of the full q1 dpr will be completed by the risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between q1 open and q1 close
enquiries	that there are reconciling differences between trader position analyses , as400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position report ( these differences are at present not understood but would need to be provided to aa within the audit timetable )
reprioritised	an outline of the internal balance sheet review process described in my earlier note which must now be reprioritised and rescoped ( see mo work )
rescoped	an outline of the internal balance sheet review process described in my earlier note which must now be reprioritised and rescoped ( see mo work )
unsociable	the creation of an incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal best awards ) for key metals staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above stated objectives
headcount	the signoff for additional permanent ' enron ' headcount who will ' duplicate ' certain key position control processes ultimately replacing some existing traffic staff
dpr	a reconciling difference of $ 15 mm exists between the reported dpr and the final accounting p&l as generated on the as400 .	various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus , gain comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the q1 dpr and business balance sheet .	a resubstantiation of the full q1 dpr will be completed by the risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between q1 open and q1 close	please start using the ena dpr 0102 file rather than the ews dpr 2002 file to send to chris .	while our established schedules of tuesday and friday dpr's would have us reporting tomorrow 's activity on monday , we will change that for month end .	please email the january 31st dpr information for your respective groups to my attention by noon on friday .	you should use the same spreadsheet format used for the 1/29/02 dpr .
misstatements	we will continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system p&l , as a result of data or system valuation problems , within the month end reporting timeframe .
timeframe	i have also amended the timeframes in the credit support annex to 10 days instead of 2 days .	we will continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system p&l , as a result of data or system valuation problems , within the month end reporting timeframe .
repeatable	the recall of all obsf stock in early april and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated .
instigated	the recall of all obsf stock in early april and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated .	middle office have instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement / funding data to working capital components for all metals businesses .
prioritised	an outline of the internal balance sheet review process described in my earlier note which must now be reprioritised and rescoped ( see mo work )	middle office work being prioritised is as follows	user requests for additional as400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of obsf .
circularisation	the stock circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd - with full reconciliation of returns to current system data by traffic / co-ordination an audit of the stock and forward valuation report for the 30th ( replacing planned 23rd review due to system issues ) , requiring full download of contract detail for later reference	the circularisation of barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis	the debtors / creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd	a full circularisation of inventory balances , and matching to source documentation within enron	inspection of certain of the above inventory balances , by third party inspectors , where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis
co-ordination	the stock circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd - with full reconciliation of returns to current system data by traffic / co-ordination an audit of the stock and forward valuation report for the 30th ( replacing planned 23rd review due to system issues ) , requiring full download of contract detail for later reference
recalculation	spreadsheet recalculation of obsf option premium utilising the above manually created position analysis	full reconciliation and recalculation of obsf option premium values
utilising	spreadsheet recalculation of obsf option premium utilising the above manually created position analysis
21/03/2001	21/03/2001 18:20
18:20	21/03/2001 18:20	posted by anthony beavers to cognitive science news at 8/28/2005 07:18:20 am
complexities	complexities surrounding the operation of the off balance sheet facility ( " obsf " ) which commenced two weeks before the year end .
compounded	the discovery of a number of ' bugs ' within the as400 merchanting code , arising from the release of obsf designed functionality , which compounded the operational burden of supporting the obsf .	in the first eight days of january , eighteen us troops have been killed in iraq , compounded by another twelve deaths from a black hawk helicopter crash on saturday .
renegotiation	the requirement to amend the operational process and obsf it code as a result of the current renegotiation of the obsf with barclays ( and aa ) .
irrespective	the corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issues .
mitigating	various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus , gain comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the q1 dpr and business balance sheet .
q1	various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus , gain comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the q1 dpr and business balance sheet .	the ar / ap sap data quality reviews for both businesses are continuing so as to provide a detailed analysis as at end q1 .	an enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end q1 covering gross tonnage , spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations .	user requests for additional as400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of obsf .	a resubstantiation of the full q1 dpr will be completed by the risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between q1 open and q1 close	a full internal balance sheet review will be completed within the q1 audit timetable which incorporates	listening to the edison call w/ investors edison says they will pay everyone at the same time ( " big bang " approach ) sometime in q1 '02 .
decoupled	the implementation for sap for the merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on obsf for it merchanting developers .
summarised	an enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end q1 covering gross tonnage , spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations .	i like the way otto jespersen ( in ' language : its nature , development and origin ' ) aptly summarised the nature of language changes by comparing it with one of the theories of the manchester school of economics :
contingencies	the necessary report functionality should be available within the as400 , however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical vba / excel reports outside of the as400 but using as400 data downloads .
vba	the necessary report functionality should be available within the as400 , however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical vba / excel reports outside of the as400 but using as400 data downloads .
resubstantiation	a resubstantiation of the full q1 dpr will be completed by the risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between q1 open and q1 close
unpriced	substantive checks back to source contract documentation for the forward priced and unpriced positions report ( spot checking the key position report signed off by the traders )
substantiating	full reconciliation of contracts within the obsf to barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to as400 barclays account
invoices	a full substantiation of creditors to internal ( contract commitments ) or external documentation ( invoices / request for payment )	we are receiving invoices from ace federal reporters for transcripts of the recent ferc settlement conferences .	do you want me to send the invoices to you ?	richard , below is a list of oc invoices sent to you for approval on 5/30/00 .	thank you for your help in tracking these invoices .
x34703	if you have any questions please call me on x34703
extracurricular	i understand how competitive the process has become , but i felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , personality , extracurricular activities , etc. that this would compensate for my disability .	i understand that it is a competitive process , but i felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extracurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate for my disability .
titman	after talking with professors titman , ronn , brown and jemison , i was sure that the school was the right place to get the education i was looking for .	after talking with you and professors titman , brown and jemison , i was sure that ut was the right place to continue learning about energy - finance .	professor titman :	sheridan titman < titman@mail.utexas.edu > on 01/24/2001 02:45:50 pm	sheridan titman department of finance college of business administration university of texas austin , texas 78712-1179 512-232-2787 ( phone ) 512-471-5073 ( fax ) titman@mail.utexas.edu	we discussed a few days ago a consulting arrangement with prof. sheridan titman from ut .
ronn	after talking with professors titman , ronn , brown and jemison , i was sure that the school was the right place to get the education i was looking for .	professor ronn :	after talking with you and professors ronn , brown and jemison , i was sure that ut was the right place to continue learning about energy - finance .
jemison	after talking with professors titman , ronn , brown and jemison , i was sure that the school was the right place to get the education i was looking for .	after talking with you and professors titman , brown and jemison , i was sure that ut was the right place to continue learning about energy - finance .	after talking with you and professors ronn , brown and jemison , i was sure that ut was the right place to continue learning about energy - finance .
retaking	i also plan on retaking the gmat test .
gmat	i also plan on retaking the gmat test .	i also plan on trying to retake the gmat test .	i also plan on trying to retake the gmat test .
retake	i also plan on trying to retake the gmat test .	i also plan on trying to retake the gmat test .	it is now threatening to pull out of the allawi caretaker government .
commitee	due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but i am determined to prove to the admissions commitee that i can excel with the work at the texas university graduate school of business .
extrcurricular	i understand that it is a competitive process , but i felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .
committment	due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but i am determined to prove to the admissions committment that i can do the work at the texas university graduate school of business .	unfortunately debbie and i will not be able to attend due to previous committments .
dialague	also , i would like to continue our dialague regarding creating an energy - finance private equity fund at ut .
teco	sorry about that , i was working on the teco o&m costs .	teco tap 108.333 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron	teco tap 85.000 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron	teco tap 32.500 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron
o&m	sorry about that , i was working on the teco o&m costs .
valuing	i want to make sure that i understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked .	will we be valuing / booking a series of monthly call options or a series of daily call options ?	what power curve are we valuing the deal against - pjm east or west hub ?
mwh	please send me the current fuel curve that you are converting to $ / mwh to value the deal ?	are you using the $ / mwh vom dollar amount as your strike ?
volatilities	what volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two ( if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols ) ?
intra-day	what volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two ( if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols ) ?
deducting	are you deducting all operating expenses from the value of the option ?
sprdopt	are you using the " sprdopt " exotic options function to value the option ?
vom	are you using the $ / mwh vom dollar amount as your strike ?
p&i	this stream should be covering both p&i and not just principal .
yvan	yvan , and ben , please provide answers to these question via written correspondence so that their is limited probability of misunderstanding .
reiterate	furthermore , i would like to reiterate that rac 's goal , prior to quoting any credit reserve , is to be 100 % confident that : ( i ) the methodology that is being employed is consistent among the internal groups ; and ( ii ) the inherent value of the price risk management contracts matches .
rac	crackdown on polygamy group	i can handle the tractor .	furthermore , i would like to reiterate that rac 's goal , prior to quoting any credit reserve , is to be 100 % confident that : ( i ) the methodology that is being employed is consistent among the internal groups ; and ( ii ) the inherent value of the price risk management contracts matches .	this enables rac to manage the associated risk during the life of the transaction both effectively and appropriately .	game 14 : friday , august 3 @ 7:30 pm vs. orlando miracle	oracle	i have just checked with rac ( david gorte ) and we have a green light to go ahead with the project .
gallup	article 6 of the gallup compression services agreement ( which i am sending to you separately ) with ecs obligates ecs to " work in good faith with cdec " to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on cdec 's system .	would you please contact gerald nemec and review the gallup compression service contract in respect to the load control management .
ecs	article 6 of the gallup compression services agreement ( which i am sending to you separately ) with ecs obligates ecs to " work in good faith with cdec " to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on cdec 's system .	we had a pretty good idea when we signed the contract that ecs would not be able to complete that by the contract start date , so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ecs is obligated to " assist [ transwestern ] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep [ transwestern ] whole for all cost and expenses " associated with the manual system .	james had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement -- i guess between ecs and transwestern -- that would permit ecs to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from cdec .	that sounds like a bs excuse from ecs , but it that 's what they are saying , let me know and we can figure out a solution .	my understanding was that ecs was to provide a means to access cdec 's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during cdec 's peak load periods .
obligates	article 6 of the gallup compression services agreement ( which i am sending to you separately ) with ecs obligates ecs to " work in good faith with cdec " to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on cdec 's system .
cdec	article 6 of the gallup compression services agreement ( which i am sending to you separately ) with ecs obligates ecs to " work in good faith with cdec " to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on cdec 's system .	james had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement -- i guess between ecs and transwestern -- that would permit ecs to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from cdec .	my understanding was that ecs was to provide a means to access cdec 's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during cdec 's peak load periods .
obligated	we had a pretty good idea when we signed the contract that ecs would not be able to complete that by the contract start date , so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ecs is obligated to " assist [ transwestern ] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep [ transwestern ] whole for all cost and expenses " associated with the manual system .	long before ( september 1560 ) dr. lopez had been the personal house doctor of robert dudley and the good doctor was obligated to write the death certificate for amy robsart ( stating that she had " accidentally " fallen down the stairs ) .	i feel obligated to share this story .
transwestern	we had a pretty good idea when we signed the contract that ecs would not be able to complete that by the contract start date , so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ecs is obligated to " assist [ transwestern ] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep [ transwestern ] whole for all cost and expenses " associated with the manual system .	james had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement -- i guess between ecs and transwestern -- that would permit ecs to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from cdec .	transwestern will own and operate the interconnect .	you will notice that questar has requested a " payment plan " that details when they will pay transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent enron events .	transwestern will own and operate the interconnect .	you will notice that questar has requested a " payment plan " that details when they will pay transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent enron events .
mitigate	with these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide .	in the mean time , we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs .
tw	i 've read the book - it 's a first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of contra drug connections that led to terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the twig counterintelligence group that ran interference for the contra effort , staffed by covert ops types including ollie north , robert owen , vince cannistaro and buck revell .	we are running so full tilt on tw that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected , but let me know what we can do .	has a location , theirs or tw land / row , been settled and when is the required in - service date ?	the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use , i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates .	how much notification would you like to give the tw customers before implementing the new tw hotline phone number ?	the new tw hotline was implemented monday which included customer notification in the form of a popup message in tms and a critical notice which sent an email .	the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use , i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates .	how much notification would you like to give the tw customers before implementing the new tw hotline phone number ?	attached is the tw top ten shippers by revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the browncover report .	also , revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from pge at rates above tw 's tariff rates were adjusted accordingly .	step two : now take the # 1 name off the list that you see above , move the other names up ( six becomes 5 , 5 becomes 4 , and etc. ) and add your name as number 6 on the list .	step two :	btw you do nt want your leg locked in place , it will move with the horse a bit .	however , he left my horse without a shoe for two weeks ( now that 's what i call a crap farrier ) .	mezza luna ftw !	the correction to the working gas includes two corrections .
flexibiltiy	we are running so full tilt on tw that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected , but let me know what we can do .
teh	in scanning the whitehouse.gov site today , i noticed the following executive order :	james had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement -- i guess between ecs and transwestern -- that would permit ecs to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from cdec .	george walker bush switchboard : 202.456.1414 comments : 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461 e-mail : presid...@whitehouse.gov	that cuts down on teh wait time , cus u can do other stuff while u r waiting .	cloaking himself in yasser arafat 's legacy , abbas pledged to fulfill palestinian dreams of statehood .
info.	http://www.disinfo.com/archive/pages/dossier/id334/pg1/	james had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement -- i guess between ecs and transwestern -- that would permit ecs to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from cdec .	http://herp-info.webs.com/beardeddragon.htm
df	df	df	df	df	df	df	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2ldf0xu3ni	great limos company int he dfw fort worth metro area .
centilli	james centilli
12/14/2000	12/14/2000 02:49 pm
02:49	12/14/2000 02:49 pm
nemec	would you please contact gerald nemec and review the gallup compression service contract in respect to the load control management .	gerald nemec
200,987.33	we have not received access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of $ 200,987.33 for the period of july through september .
79,000	this cost is averaging $ 79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have in august and september .
bidders	good point , but i 'm comfortable we 're covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points .	none of them did , and most importantly , the winning bidders did not .
alternates	they are deemed to be on notice that they had alternate point rights ( it s in the tariff ) and if they wanted to submit a bid that had a different rate for primaries and alternates , they could have done so .	our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .	you will remain as alternates .
memorializes	our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .
forma	the prestigious iaea ( international atomic energy agency ) published an early report on chernobyl which was based on information from russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html	i ca n't tell you how ominous i found bush 's performance in that interview .	and that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga 's four - day visit to india recently .	under president hu jintao , beijing has opened out to new delhi and prime minister wen jiabao is expected to visit early next year , making friends by formally accepting sikkim as part of india and backing india as a permanent member of the u.n. security council -- thus leaving washington as the only one of the " permanent five " that has not yet done so .	hazim al - sha'lan , by the way , is the son of the late sheikh of al - khaza'il in diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister , m.s. al - sahaf , in his nonsensical media statements , which can be passed as jokes .	information pointing in this direction came to light after the december 26 tsunami , which took a heavy toll on the andamans .	indian intelligence 's lackluster performance in dealing with the ltte is startling .	the wikipedia entry for aerocom is just a stub .. waiting for someone to put some information into it ....	so ... put some information in there .	( do n't wish to use wikipedia again , it 's just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information . )	two young men delivering information about the mormon genealogy program .	i have never been and i will never be a government official and i have no privileged information .	you all remember the iraqi minister of information , mr. mouhamad said al - sahaf and his press conferences when the us forces were already inside baghdad .	disinformation at time of war is an accepted tactic .	in may 2004 , patrick hughes , lieutenant general ( retired ) , assistant secretary for information analysis , homeland security department testified before the 9/11 commission .	as agent van harp , then head of the amerithrax investigation said , the information coming from khalid mohammed is classified with the authorities releasing only certain limited information .	as to opportunity , though seldom reported , there is a wealth of " open source " information about possible al qaeda or egyptian islamic jihad or egyptian islamic group in the united states and canada .	the public information mostly relates to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large and are being sought .	first , the nature of such an investigation is that we lack sufficient information to second - guess ( or even know ) what the fbi is doing .	i am not certain about the needs for the london underwriting / iv group but will request the information from them if you have not done so already .	by the way the lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent .	we do n't want to condition the acceptance of one project on the performance of another project .	performance tests will either be performed on a project basis or a unit by unit basis in a given project .	he said they are looking for people and based on what i told him an interview was a formality .	so the last weekend in january would work well ( and i will need a rest from formal affairs ! ) .	friday is a bad day ( performance review committee all day ) .	i shall spend an entire day at prc ( performance review ) on friday , july 7 .	the information in this email may be confidential and / or privileged .	if you are not the intended recipient or an authorized representative of the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any review , dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments , if any , or the information contained herein is prohibited .	i received a report from hr and it appears there is conflicting information regarding some of the titles for various employees .	i formatted the file so that it would print on one legal size sheet .
topack	my concern with adding the language below is , could it be argued that not everyone knew the rate would or could apply at any point , since we just stated topack and needles and if they knew they might have bid a different rate ??
01/11/2001	01/11/2001 02:42 pm
02:42	01/11/2001 02:42 pm
dynegy	after discussions with the commercial group i propose that that redlined language be added to the attached dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we 've done .	i 've got some friends at duke and dynegy from b - school , the gianoucous ( spelling ?? ) brothers ( john and dimitri ? from elementary school ) started their own outfit a while back , and my old man is at schlumberger and has good contacts in general ( if you are n't married to a trading environment ) .
pls	pls print .	privacy in kerala , help pls ..?	i need to hav sm good time spent with my gf .. in kerala .. in which all places in kerala shal i expect ambience and privacy for making love .. pls help . thank you
whasssup	whasssup ?
rehearing	attached is my draft of a request for rehearing .
stojic	it incorporates mr. stojic 's and mr. kelly 's initial comments .
lagesse	denise lagesse	denise lagesse	denise lagesse	denise lagesse
01/12/2001	01/12/2001 10:34 am	01/12/2001 04:37 pm	01/12/2001 10:34 am	01/12/2001 01:14 pm	01/12/2001 01:14 pm
10:34	01/12/2001 10:34 am	01/12/2001 10:34 am
fossum	drew fossum	drew fossum
04:37	01/12/2001 04:37 pm	02/22/2001 04:37 pm
huber	lee huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	lee huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	please forward a copy of the j.m. huber corporation guaranty to my attention .
01:14	01/12/2001 01:14 pm	01/12/2001 01:14 pm
aeron	susan scott would like authorization to order an aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .	susan scott would like authorization to order an aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .	" national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) : is funded at $ 16.379 billion , an increase of $ 200 million over the fy04 enacted level , and a reduction of $ 665 million from the budget request .
567.77	the cost is $ 567.77 per chair plus tax .	the cost is $ 567.77 per chair plus tax .
01/13/2001	01/13/2001 09:45 am
sommer	i believe you got a copy of the john sommer letter to producers dated jan 6 that mkm 's spies intercepted .	she forwarded the sommer letter to stan and discussed it with him .	dari and i vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to gibson and kyle complaining of sommer 's duplicity , but after tempers cooled , mkm and i decided not to send it to stan or urge him to send a written response .	as it stands , mkm and i will probably bring it up with sommer in ok city and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers .
mkm	i believe you got a copy of the john sommer letter to producers dated jan 6 that mkm 's spies intercepted .	dari and i vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to gibson and kyle complaining of sommer 's duplicity , but after tempers cooled , mkm and i decided not to send it to stan or urge him to send a written response .	as it stands , mkm and i will probably bring it up with sommer in ok city and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers .
dari	dari and i vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to gibson and kyle complaining of sommer 's duplicity , but after tempers cooled , mkm and i decided not to send it to stan or urge him to send a written response .	upon the same day he conquered darius , won a great victory at sea , & died the same day .	welcome darin !	i just want to extend a big " welcome ! " to darin darin fisher who joined me at google this week .	darin fisher wrote this response on january 25 , 2005 :
vented	that money has prevented the militant islamists from achieving their goals .	dari and i vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to gibson and kyle complaining of sommer 's duplicity , but after tempers cooled , mkm and i decided not to send it to stan or urge him to send a written response .	kaoshikii is a dance which was invented in 1978 by shrii shrii a'nandamu'rti .	the word was invented by jonathan swift and used in his book ' gulliver 's travels ' .	they explained that elk in yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams , a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion .	$ 80,000 - amount an iraqi firm spent ( using saddam 's confiscated funds ) to build the same factory , after delays prevented the american firm from starting it .	that is a term invented by online romance scammers	that little man who thinks he invented pizza can kiss my *ss .	one answer is that the pentagon prevented the state department from running the cpa .
aggravation	dari and i vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to gibson and kyle complaining of sommer 's duplicity , but after tempers cooled , mkm and i decided not to send it to stan or urge him to send a written response .
duplicity	dari and i vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to gibson and kyle complaining of sommer 's duplicity , but after tempers cooled , mkm and i decided not to send it to stan or urge him to send a written response .
tempers	dari and i vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to gibson and kyle complaining of sommer 's duplicity , but after tempers cooled , mkm and i decided not to send it to stan or urge him to send a written response .
orally	stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he 's on the phonne with gibson or kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation .
phonne	stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he 's on the phonne with gibson or kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation .
yea	however , in april 2001 , the iaea published fifteen years after the chernobyl accident - lessons learned . which contradict the earlier reports .	yeah , i think jeff wrote on one of his posts here in the past several months : " to hell with death " .	1 year agreement	1 year agreement	yeah !	yea -- it was outstanding news !	and happy new year too !	happy new year , stranger !	bands , food , and prizes are sponsored by beyond control , who will be competing in the band of the year contest at the river front festival in cuyahoga falls on july 1 .	the wires have been humming since before the new year with reports that the bush administration is planning an attack on iran .	" the bush administration is preparing its nato allies for a possible military strike against suspected nuclear sites in iran in the new year , according to german media reports , reinforcing similar earlier suggestions in the turkish media , " reported upi on december 30th .	$ 3.8 bn - amount in the superfund trust fund for toxic site clean - ups in 1995 , the year " polluter pays " fees expired .	1972 - year that bush walked away from his pilot duties in the texas national guard , nearly two years before his six - year obligation was up .	2000 - year that cheney said his policy as ceo of halliburton oil services company was " we would n't do anything in iraq " .	80 - percentage of the iraqi workforce who are unemployed a year after the war .	2.3 m - number of americans who lost their jobs during first three years of the bush administration .	13 - number of vacation days the average american receives each year .	yeah , i thought that the holding his mouth thing sounded wrong .	but that was years ago .	well 6 weeks later when he came back out he was again working on my mare s front foot and i looked down and yeah he had wholes in his pants in the wrong places i bust out laughing and he was like what ???	hino dealer of the year	you have been awarded the converted hino dealer of the year !	yeah , this complex is not very good .	yea , dr. mann ai n't so great .	after recently relocating to south bend , we were looking for a delicious , fun , yet elegant establishment for new year s eve dinner .	yeah you got ta burn it .. that s the only way	yeah they ruined some shirts i had too .
hoss	what a hoss .
14721	ca n't catch you this time but 14721 keep me posted on your next trip .
cec	is it someone on your team or someone from cec ?
caem	the next meeting of the caem board of directors will be held on wednesday , september 12 , at the grand hyatt hotel in washington , dc .	to reserve one of these rooms , you must inform the wyndham staff that you are part of the caem group .
www.caem.org	( please visit our newly updated website www.caem.org for more information on the disco forum . )
wyndham	however , we have reserved a block of rooms at the nearby wyndham hotel .	to reserve one of these rooms , you must inform the wyndham staff that you are part of the caem group .	we will be making the wyndham rooms available to members of the disco forum on july 20 .	wyndham washington dc 1400 m street nw washington , dc 20005 phone : 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 fax : 202.785.0786 website : http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm
202.739.0134	if you have any questions or require any assistance at all , please contact hope duncan at 202.739.0134 or jeff mangold at 703.729.2710 .
mangold	if you have any questions or require any assistance at all , please contact hope duncan at 202.739.0134 or jeff mangold at 703.729.2710 .
703.729.2710	if you have any questions or require any assistance at all , please contact hope duncan at 202.739.0134 or jeff mangold at 703.729.2710 .
20001	grand hyatt hotel 1000 h street nw washington dc 20001 phone : 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax : 202.637.4781 website : http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html
202.582.1234	grand hyatt hotel 1000 h street nw washington dc 20001 phone : 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax : 202.637.4781 website : http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html
1.800.233.1234	grand hyatt hotel 1000 h street nw washington dc 20001 phone : 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax : 202.637.4781 website : http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html
202.637.4781	grand hyatt hotel 1000 h street nw washington dc 20001 phone : 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax : 202.637.4781 website : http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html
http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html	grand hyatt hotel 1000 h street nw washington dc 20001 phone : 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax : 202.637.4781 website : http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html
20005	wyndham washington dc 1400 m street nw washington , dc 20005 phone : 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 fax : 202.785.0786 website : http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm
202.429.1700	wyndham washington dc 1400 m street nw washington , dc 20005 phone : 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 fax : 202.785.0786 website : http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm
1.877.999.3223	wyndham washington dc 1400 m street nw washington , dc 20005 phone : 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 fax : 202.785.0786 website : http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm
202.785.0786	wyndham washington dc 1400 m street nw washington , dc 20005 phone : 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 fax : 202.785.0786 website : http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm
http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm	wyndham washington dc 1400 m street nw washington , dc 20005 phone : 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 fax : 202.785.0786 website : http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm
lora	lora sullivan@enron	lora	lora sullivan federal government affairs representative enron 1775 eye street , nw suite 800 washington , dc 20006 202-466-9142 202-828-3372 ( fax ) email : lora.sullivan@enron.com
sullivan@enron	lora sullivan@enron
07/19/2001	07/19/2001 03:31 pm
03:31	07/19/2001 03:31 pm
transcripts	we are receiving invoices from ace federal reporters for transcripts of the recent ferc settlement conferences .
20006	lora sullivan federal government affairs representative enron 1775 eye street , nw suite 800 washington , dc 20006 202-466-9142 202-828-3372 ( fax ) email : lora.sullivan@enron.com	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail
202-466-9142	lora sullivan federal government affairs representative enron 1775 eye street , nw suite 800 washington , dc 20006 202-466-9142 202-828-3372 ( fax ) email : lora.sullivan@enron.com
202-828-3372	lora sullivan federal government affairs representative enron 1775 eye street , nw suite 800 washington , dc 20006 202-466-9142 202-828-3372 ( fax ) email : lora.sullivan@enron.com
lora.sullivan@enron.com	lora sullivan federal government affairs representative enron 1775 eye street , nw suite 800 washington , dc 20006 202-466-9142 202-828-3372 ( fax ) email : lora.sullivan@enron.com
evaluations	please use the attached for associate and analyst evaluations .
brenner	- brenner , ursula j.doc << file : brenner , ursula j.doc >>
j.doc	- brenner , ursula j.doc << file : brenner , ursula j.doc >>
thane	jean & thane --	thane and i also visited with him .	thane is in austin on friday , but is available by phone .	thane is in an ercot prs meeting friday from 9:30 until 3:00 .	you are right , we do need a formal plan , thane has started an initial draft .	jean & thane --	jean and thane , i think that we need a formal plan on what to do over the next 3 - 6 months to leverage this situation .
ercot	we have been successful in communicating that information to the new commissioners and ercot and seeking resolution .	those who show up and complain , but are not participating in the working groups and the daily ercot phone calls , board meetings , etc. are ignored .	those currently listed as invitees are puct commissioners and ercot 's sam jones and tom noel .	thane is in an ercot prs meeting friday from 9:30 until 3:00 .
puct	doug and i met with the chairman of puct and have had subsequent conversations .	those currently listed as invitees are puct commissioners and ercot 's sam jones and tom noel .	enron needs to use this situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the puct and ercot iso on what is driving these problems and our proposed fixes .	as important , the new puct commissioners need some help right now in messaging the market .
repercussions	( even though he has bigger things to do in d.c. , this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in texas , the repercussions could be global . )	john , per and i discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both concerned that we may have some repercussions .
sibley	chairman sibley and chairman wolens ( of the texas legislature ) are also engaged in market developments .	now that sibley is not a candidate for lt. governor , there is more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questions .
wolens	chairman sibley and chairman wolens ( of the texas legislature ) are also engaged in market developments .	the hearing is focused on the pilot and we have an opportunity to provide some probing questions for wolens to direct to sam and tom .
apprised	we have been working with the state affairs legislative committee and keeping them apprised .	responsive , kept me apprised of status .
invitees	those currently listed as invitees are puct commissioners and ercot 's sam jones and tom noel .
a.m	thur. sept. 21 - arrv. london early a.m. , transfer to flight to nice	the call - in number and instructions for the 11/2 8:30 a.m. meeting are as follows :	i will be on a plane to houston at 8:00 a.m .	time : 11:00 a.m. ( cdt )	attached is a new link for employees unable to attend the all - employee meeting today at 10 a.m. ( cdt ) at the hyatt regency houston , imperial ballroom .
prs	thane is in an ercot prs meeting friday from 9:30 until 3:00 .
9:30	thane is in an ercot prs meeting friday from 9:30 until 3:00 .	are we playing tomorrow at 9:30 ?	a great breakfast which was included every morning until 9:30 am ; yummy fresh parisian croissants .	ps ) when we called for a reservation , we were told that 5:00 and 9:30 were their only openings .	i will not be there at 7:30 , but will see you arond 9:30 on tuesday .
presto	walking out last night , kevin presto indicated that there were games being played in ercot with the new market rules and prices in certain markets were not reflective of working markets .
fixes	enron needs to use this situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the puct and ercot iso on what is driving these problems and our proposed fixes .
outgrowth	as an outgrowth of the meeting leslie and i had with scott and hunter a couple of weeks ago , we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of ferc gas activities , and possibly electric activities , in a format that can be linked to the fundamentals intranet site used by the traders .
summaries	as an outgrowth of the meeting leslie and i had with scott and hunter a couple of weeks ago , we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of ferc gas activities , and possibly electric activities , in a format that can be linked to the fundamentals intranet site used by the traders .
fundamentals	as an outgrowth of the meeting leslie and i had with scott and hunter a couple of weeks ago , we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of ferc gas activities , and possibly electric activities , in a format that can be linked to the fundamentals intranet site used by the traders .
intranet	as an outgrowth of the meeting leslie and i had with scott and hunter a couple of weeks ago , we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of ferc gas activities , and possibly electric activities , in a format that can be linked to the fundamentals intranet site used by the traders .
envision	we envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order , filing , etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information .
kaminski@ect	vince j kaminski@ect
04/30/2001	04/30/2001 02:28 pm	peter percell < percell@swbell.net > on 04/30/2001 11:16:58 am	04/30/2001 12:42 pm	04/30/2001 12:35 pm	04/30/2001 09:24 am	danny_jones%enron@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 pm	danny_jones%enron@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 pm
02:28	04/30/2001 02:28 pm
percell	i am forwarding for your attention the resume of peter percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems .	peter percell < percell@swbell.net > on 04/30/2001 11:16:58 am	peter percell 10030 doliver drive percell@swbell.net houston , tx 77042-2016 ( 713 ) 532-3836 voice & fax	- percell, peter resume only.doc	- percell, peter a & c exp.doc
percell@swbell.net	peter percell < percell@swbell.net > on 04/30/2001 11:16:58 am	peter percell 10030 doliver drive percell@swbell.net houston , tx 77042-2016 ( 713 ) 532-3836 voice & fax
11:16:58	peter percell < percell@swbell.net > on 04/30/2001 11:16:58 am
addendum	attached are my resume and an addendum covering academic & consulting experience .
10030	peter percell 10030 doliver drive percell@swbell.net houston , tx 77042-2016 ( 713 ) 532-3836 voice & fax
doliver	peter percell 10030 doliver drive percell@swbell.net houston , tx 77042-2016 ( 713 ) 532-3836 voice & fax
77042-2016	peter percell 10030 doliver drive percell@swbell.net houston , tx 77042-2016 ( 713 ) 532-3836 voice & fax
532-3836	peter percell 10030 doliver drive percell@swbell.net houston , tx 77042-2016 ( 713 ) 532-3836 voice & fax
percell,	- percell, peter resume only.doc	- percell, peter a & c exp.doc
only.doc	- percell, peter resume only.doc
exp.doc	- percell, peter a & c exp.doc
nasim	nasim h khan@transredes	nasim h khan@transredes	nasim khan
khan@transredes	nasim h khan@transredes	nasim h khan@transredes
12:42	04/30/2001 12:42 pm	" paulhastings.com " made the following annotations on 04/25/01 12:42:55
horton@enron	stanley horton@enron
12:35	04/30/2001 12:35 pm
09:24	04/30/2001 09:24 am
danny_jones%enron@eott.com	danny_jones%enron@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 pm	danny_jones%enron@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 pm
01:39:56	danny_jones%enron@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 pm	danny_jones%enron@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 pm
0000108806	i have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 that has become available in your department .	i have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 that has become available in your department .
persue	i am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .	i am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .
feild	i am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .	i am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .
respectfully	i am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ets technology department .	i am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ets technology department .
referral	i am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ets technology department .	i am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ets technology department .	in the event that you have scheduling conflicts and can not participate , any referrals at the director or vp level would be greatly appreciated .	i think the women at this salon know that their business is based primarily from referrals . :)
ets	i am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ets technology department .	i am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ets technology department .	our price : $ 10.99 to 12.99 petsmart !
281-443-3744	danny jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net	danny jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net
smithjones@ev1.net	danny jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net	danny jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net
05/01/2001	05/01/2001 03:48 pm	stephen.dyer@bakerbotts.com on 05/01/2001 08:50:01 pm
fehl	we would like to pursue an offer to rick fehl prior to the next executive committee meeting on may 7 , 2001 .
hannon	ken rice & kevin hannon
7:30	preseason game a : saturday , may 12 @ 7:30 pm vs. miami sol	preseason game b : thursday , may 24 @ 7:30 pm vs. detroit shock	game 4 : thursday , june 14 @ 7:30 pm vs. portland fire	game 6 : tuesday , june 19 @ 7:30 pm vs. washington mystics	game 8 : monday , july 2 @ 7:30 pm vs. portland fire	game 9 : friday , july 6 @ 7:30 pm vs. indiana fever	game 11 : tuesday , july 24 @ 7:30 pm vs. utah starzz	game 13 : monday , july 30 @ 7:30 pm vs. seattle storm	game 14 : friday , august 3 @ 7:30 pm vs. orlando miracle	game 16 : monday , august 13 @ 7:30 pm vs. minnesota lynx	i will not be there at 7:30 , but will see you arond 9:30 on tuesday .
starzz	game 5 : sunday , june 17 @ 1:00 pm vs. utah starzz	game 11 : tuesday , july 24 @ 7:30 pm vs. utah starzz
mystics	game 6 : tuesday , june 19 @ 7:30 pm vs. washington mystics
rockers	game 10 : sunday , july 8 @ 1:00 pm vs. cleveland rockers
12:30	game 12 : saturday , july 28 @ 12:30 pm vs. new york liberty	i assume this is 12:30 central time ?	i called on a friday at 12:30 complaining of a severe toothache .	today is good 12:30 ?	today is good 12:30 ?
713/853-6197	cindy 713/853-6197
mailing	mailing them to the house iis fine .	you are in the business of developing mailing lists .
iis	mailing them to the house iis fine .
stephen.dyer@bakerbotts.com	stephen.dyer@bakerbotts.com on 05/01/2001 08:50:01 pm
08:50:01	stephen.dyer@bakerbotts.com on 05/01/2001 08:50:01 pm
dorsey@enron_development	billy dorsey@enron_development
05/02/2001	05/02/2001 12:03 pm
12:03	05/02/2001 12:03 pm
cdt	time : 11:00 a.m. ( cdt )	attached is a new link for employees unable to attend the all - employee meeting today at 10 a.m. ( cdt ) at the hyatt regency houston , imperial ballroom .
boardroom	location : 50th floor boardroom
conf	kalkat , who currently chairs the independent us - based international council on conflict resolution , said despite the failure of the indian army to disarm or even subdue the tigers , india remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks .	confused ?	these are the four main pillars of the current world conflict , or perhaps we should already refer to it as " the undeclared world war iii " :	philip annesley conference producer risk waters group +44 20 7484 9866 +44 20 7484 9800 www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	transmission expansion and systems in transition conference feb. 5 - 8 , 2002 , miami , florida	the brochure for the conference and associated workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below : < http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>	electricity market design conference march 25 - 26 , 2002 , atlanta , georgia	confirmed .	i wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and approval of isda confirmations for the following equity trades that i understand laurel had discussed with you previously .	conference plus will be hosting this call :	conference plus will be hosting this call :	conference call with coned at 1:00 today in sara 's office - eb 3801a .	<< file : tabors conflict letter alberta export 050901.doc >>	confirmation desk : you can stop adding the rep to the confirms now .	conf call : at&t lines have been reserved .	where : conf. call	confidential settlement document per cpuc rule 51	location : conference call	shakespeare electronic conference , vol. 6 , no. 0832 . monday , 23 october 1995 .	76 - percentage of 215 cities surveyed by the us conference of mayors in early 2004 that had yet to receive a dime in federal homeland security assistance for their first - response units .	******************* internet email confidentiality footer *******************	privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message .	further to your call attached is a presentation i gave at the canadian risk managers conference in edmonton in the fall of 2000 .
at&t	conf call : at&t lines have been reserved .	we have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as at&t , duke energy , pitney bowes and daimler chrysler , and i would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts .?
sherri	please contact sherri sera ( 713/853-5984 ) or bill dorsey ( 713/646-6505 ) for the weekly dial - in number and passcode .	i really enjoyed the staff at wessex , also the manager sherri was always very nice and helpful .
713/853-5984	please contact sherri sera ( 713/853-5984 ) or bill dorsey ( 713/646-6505 ) for the weekly dial - in number and passcode .
713/646-6505	please contact sherri sera ( 713/853-5984 ) or bill dorsey ( 713/646-6505 ) for the weekly dial - in number and passcode .
_______	____________________________________________________	___________ thursday , september 14 5:00 - 8:30 pm	___________ monday , september 25 5:00 - 8:30 pm	___________ wednesday , september 27 5:00 - 8:30 pm	__________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	yes , i will attend in person _______	by video conference from _______	by conference call _______	no , i will not attend _______	___________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	______________________	_________________________________________________________________	_____________________________________________	_____________________________________________	__________________________________________________
12:00	please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m. , friday , may 4th	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/15/2005 05:12:00 pm
committments	unfortunately debbie and i will not be able to attend due to previous committments .
ferrous	re : cargill ferrous international	stephanie , i my preference is to kick their password application back and get them to change it to read something like " cargill ferrous international , a division of cargill , inc. " or " cargill , inc. acting through its cargill ferrous international division " .	cargill ferrous international is set up correctly in the global counterparty system as a division of cargill , inc .	cargill ferrous international is the full name of this division and set up as such in gcp with a sub - to - legal link to cargill , inc. per gcp procedure .	re : cargill ferrous international	stephanie , i my preference is to kick their password application back and get them to change it to read something like " cargill ferrous international , a division of cargill , inc. " or " cargill , inc. acting through its cargill ferrous international division " .
schott	samuel schott	samuel schott	samuel schott
03/21/2001	03/21/2001 01:58 pm	03/21/2001 01:58 pm
01:58	03/21/2001 01:58 pm	03/21/2001 01:58 pm	03/27/2001 01:58 pm
attn.	attn. gcp_london :	attn. gcp_london :
gcp_london	attn. gcp_london :	attn. gcp_london :
rgds	best rgds .	best rgds .	best rgds .	best rgds .
x3-9890	samuel x3-9890 enw_gcp	samuel x3-9890 ( gcp ) enron net works _ global data management	samuel x3-9890 enw_gcp
enw_gcp	samuel x3-9890 enw_gcp	samuel x3-9890 enw_gcp
04/16/2001	04/16/2001 04:52 pm	04/16/2001 05:51 pm	04/16/2001 03:11 pm
04:52	04/16/2001 04:52 pm
datamanager	please approve the following product type in datamanager after 11:00 p.m .	select enrononline ( this is the eol datamanager )
phy	us steel hot rolled plate phy	website short description of product type : us hr stl plt phy	phyllis :	phyllis lemell	phyllis :	excellent physiotherapists !	kusal goonewardena and his team of physios are unbelievable !	- phyllis diller
stl	website short description of product type : us hr stl plt phy
plt	website short description of product type : us hr stl plt phy
f.o.b.	the transaction is f.o.b. reserve marine terminal in chicago , ill metro area .	f.o.b. refers to the following terms : seller is responsible for freight , unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse , buyer is responsible for storage , loading and freight after delivery .
unloading	f.o.b. refers to the following terms : seller is responsible for freight , unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse , buyer is responsible for storage , loading and freight after delivery .	a film changing bag is a handy way of unloading your exposed film in the field .	you have to pay cash only before they start unloading track on your destination .
telegraphic	payment shall be made , against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the general terms and conditions , in the contractual currency by telegraphic transfer no later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the commodity is released to buyer .
login	proceed with usual login / password	proceed with eol login / password
05:51	04/16/2001 05:51 pm
setups	we will meet in the near future to discuss the issues surrounding division and trade name setups in global counterparty .
compromising	if the correct legal name is not in global counterparty , the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on it seriously compromising the contract itself .
transact	i do n't know anything about these transactions .	what person ( s ) in london prepares credit for the english and singapore financial transactions ?	at some point in the not so distant future , the houson and london credit departments need to speak in order that each understands the " philosophy " behind credit analysis for the omnibus and master transactions .	the foreign currency amount shall equal the base currency amount , multiplied by the daily london metal exchange ( lme ) fixing rate as published by reuters on page mtle on the date of the transaction , modified by the price submitted by the counterparty via the website .	adding all the enron " specified entities " would only make a default under a financial transaction with those other enron entities a default under this agreement .	our concern is that we do n't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component .	with respect to deutsche bank ( "" db " ) , we have one credit issue remaining , db would like us to add all the enron trading entities db trades with as specified entities under the isda master agreement and we are somewhat hesitant to do so , as this could potentially roll up swaps under structured loan transactions into a default under the isda agreement .	the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	reconciliation of stock movements between 23rd and 30th sample tests of vanilla forward transactions	i want to make sure that i understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked .	this enables rac to manage the associated risk during the life of the transaction both effectively and appropriately .	the transaction is f.o.b. reserve marine terminal in chicago , ill metro area .	in this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on enrononline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining .	these are short term transactions and requiring this documentation will cause us to lose business because competitive alternatives do not have such burdensome requirements .	i understand that we are still reviewing the attachment that lists the open transactions .	we need to include all outstanding transactions .	as far as the eei goes , the only remaining issue that i 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the loc ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	*** mary perkins - could you forward the number of transactions and accounts .	i am a member of the design group that has been developing the american arbitration association 's dispute management systems and services for ecommerce b2b transactions .?	i came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence .	my partners and i solicit your assistance in completing a transaction begun by my father , who has long been actively engaged in the extraction of petroleum in the united states of america , and bravely served his country as director of the united states central intelligence agency .	our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vice-president of the united states of america , richard cheney , who is an original partner in the iraq venture and former head of the halliburton oil company , and condoleeza rice , whose professional dedication to the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a chevron oil tanker after her .	i know that a transaction of this magnitude would make anyone apprehensive and worried .	please do be informed that this business transaction is 100 % legal .	if you do not wish to co-operate in this transaction , please contact our intermediary representatives to further discuss the matter .	usage of product barcodes and smooth maintenance of inventory with proper recording of transactions like sale , purchase and returns was never easy before .	i used my card to purchase a meal on the menu and the total on my receipt was $ 8.95 but when i went on line to check my transaction it show $ 10.74 .	we are still trying to work the pse swap transaction , now that the forex desk has been able to find a fix for cpi in the market .	please give me a call to discuss nov transaction .
03:11	04/16/2001 03:11 pm
03/28/2001	03/28/2001 01:09 pm	03/28/2001 05:09 pm
01:09	03/28/2001 01:09 pm	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 am
tradename	gcp procedure is to create counterparty names that reflect either the tradename / division name or parent name -- not both simultaneously .	this defeats the purpose of using a tradename .
eve.	any chance we can get together for dinner saturday eve. ?
mhc	mhc	mhc	mhc	mhc	mhc
voicemail	i left a voicemail for sharon butcher , as well , just to make sure it is handled .	per my voicemail message , please review the note below .	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	further to my voicemail , our colleagues in credit are calculating the reserve on the pse swap .
kriste	kriste	kriste k. sullivan enron corp. - legal eb 4861 ( 713 ) 853-7557 phone ( 713 ) 646-5847 fax	kristen quinn , sarah mulholland , samuel pak , daniel kang	kristen ,
k.	for banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. u.s. and u.k. branches ) .	kriste k. sullivan enron corp. - legal eb 4861 ( 713 ) 853-7557 phone ( 713 ) 646-5847 fax	vijay k. suchdev vice president equity derivatives first union securities , inc. telephone : ( 212 ) 909-0951 facsimile : ( 212 ) 891-5042 email : vijay.suchdev@funb.com < mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com >
4861	kriste k. sullivan enron corp. - legal eb 4861 ( 713 ) 853-7557 phone ( 713 ) 646-5847 fax
853-7557	kriste k. sullivan enron corp. - legal eb 4861 ( 713 ) 853-7557 phone ( 713 ) 646-5847 fax
646-5847	kriste k. sullivan enron corp. - legal eb 4861 ( 713 ) 853-7557 phone ( 713 ) 646-5847 fax
08:00	when : wednesday , september 19 , 2001 10:30 am - 11:30 am ( gmt - 08:00 ) pacific time ( us & canada ) ; tijuana .
tijuana	when : wednesday , september 19 , 2001 10:30 am - 11:30 am ( gmt - 08:00 ) pacific time ( us & canada ) ; tijuana .
conf.	where : conf. call
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*	*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
pst	10:30 - 11:30 pst	the commission 's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 am ( pst ) .	the commission 's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 am ( pst ) .	expires : 24 nov 2004 17:32 pst
800/711-8000	call - in # : 800/711-8000
4153030	passcode : 4153030
seleznov	after a conversation with ryan seleznov i herewith like disclose in writing my intentions in respect to dealbench .	ryan seleznov
herewith	after a conversation with ryan seleznov i herewith like disclose in writing my intentions in respect to dealbench .
dealbench	after a conversation with ryan seleznov i herewith like disclose in writing my intentions in respect to dealbench .
munk	tobias munk
bridgeline	please send david lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter ( use bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete ) .
non-compete	please send david lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter ( use bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete ) .
formatting	we 're formatting one this week , and we 'll send it when it 's done .
ssd	do you also have a ssd we can use ?
220b	<< file : 220b - dg - agreement for recruiting services.doc >> << file : 220a dg - agreement for contract services.doc >>
dg	the moi in iraq is equivalent to the us fbi , so this would be like having j. edgar hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously colin powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the indians made conciliatory gestures toward islamabad .	as recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country .	due to the judge in the 1983 case ruling that a cia agent could not testify using a pseudonym , therefore opening him to cross-examination by wilson , the prosecution had a problem .	last week , federal district judge lynn hughes in huston , texas , threw out wilson 's two - decades old conviction .	judge hughes wrote : ` government knowingly used false evidence against him , ' concluding ` honesty comes hard to government . '	it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups , such as the harkat - ul - jehad - al - islami , in the port city of chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebels from india 's northeast in touch with this terrorist network .	since september 11 , pakistan has been repeatedly accused by afghan and western leaders of harbouring taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections , but at the highest level the us has avoided criticising president pervaiz musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the us catch al qaeda elements inside pakistan .	an editorial in the church - owned deseret morning news in salt lake city earlier this year acknowledged that " the state 's history , a conservative belief in free choice , and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet 's nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid - glove approach lawmakers and law - enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities . "	i read of a case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law .	a few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a world war , but we are already well into it .	although ramzi binalshibh provided him $ 14,000 in july , accused september 11 conspirator zacarias moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks .	zacarias moussaoui , never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable , has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants " anthrax for jew sympathizer only . "	al qaeda 's anthrax production plans on khalid mohammed 's computer did not evidence knowledge of advanced techniques in the most efficient biological weapons .	the family 's attorney advises me that aafia had no knowledge of chemicals ( and that would not appear to be her training ) .	the judge had agreed to delay the civil rights matter from proceeding until at least october 2004 .	the judge , frustrated by the apparent lack of progress , encouraged that the parties reach a negotiated compromise that would permit some limited discovery to proceed ( and the judge has directed that the government to file an answer to the complaint ) .	if you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds , or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the s@p , i 'd listen .	i would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure i have of unexercised vested options .	i was unable to say much about it in my risk electricity hedging and trading report because of deadline pressures .	esai contributes oil and gas input price forecasts , capacity judgments , and " herding " ideas to develop power price forecasts for same time periods .	debbie said , it is going to be hard on me to sale my old dodge truck .	can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to jeff hodge ) ?	i spoke with jeff hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from peoples regarding audit rights .	can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to jeff hodge ) ?	i spoke with jeff hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from peoples regarding audit rights .	can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to jeff hodge ) ?	if you should decide to arrange lodging at a different hotel , please do so quickly as there is limited availability in all surrounding hotels .	i am available after rick 's friday budget meeting ... are you available then ?	i am free at 8 am on friday before rick 's budget meeting .	i am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .	i am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .
services.doc	<< file : 220b - dg - agreement for recruiting services.doc >> << file : 220a dg - agreement for contract services.doc >>
220a	<< file : 220b - dg - agreement for recruiting services.doc >> << file : 220a dg - agreement for contract services.doc >>
goode	diane goode senior specialist
gis	we have gis ids , and eid ( external id - just like gis id ) .	i have attached a revised copy of the gisb agreement and special provisions for your review and consideration .	i look forward to your feedback on the gisb .	( see attached file : constellation power ( gisb draft ) .doc ) ( see attached file : sam3102.doc )	- enron-cps ( gisb rev1 ) .doc	attached is an image of the gisb .	as discussed , attached is a gisb draft for pioneer .
ids	i would suggest going for tribal sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .	they 're going to talk about their kids , they 're going to talk about football , they 're going to talk about the weather .	also these cults have multimillions yet the women and kids live in poverty so the leaders can live the high life .	'' every morning and night , the kids , beginning as young as 1 and 2 , had to stand before a poster of massoud and maryam , salute them and shout praises to them , '' nadereh afshari , a former mujahedeen deep - believer , told me .	the rajavis , afshari went on to say , '' saw these kids as the next generation 's soldiers .	who could stop a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line waiting to be checked by the airport metal detector ?	the family 's lawyer advises me that aafia did not have enough money to pay for airfare tickets for herself and the kids and called ismat from the train station .	they showed some kids on tv , and they were quite taken with it .	we have gis ids , and eid ( external id - just like gis id ) .	the industry of marriage and kids , you heard me .	marriage is , in and of itself , a noble concept , but it too often leads to kids and kids flat out suck .	these are the kids who will destroy society , because of the crapfest the american family has become under the post hippie culture , you heard again .	and you might think by reading this i blame the kids .....	not so , kids are what kids are and will do what they do .	it 's the bad parents out there who fuck up their lives and do nt seem to understand that once you decide to have kids , it is indeed time to grow up and be a responsible role model for those kids .	when you blame it all on society , there 's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up kids who are likley smoking , drinking , doing drugs , fucking the neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they 're doing .	true , there are about 300,000 wolves and wolf hybrids kept as pets in the united states .	. . . and uneasy in its corporate expression , was overtopped by the big face of don juste lopez , soft and white , with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloud . >>	33 - percentage of the $ 15 bn bush pledged to fight aids in africa that must go to abstinence - only programmes .	useful for younger kids who do not have big enough hands or the ability to handle two reins independently .	they both had pools for kids and adults .	if you have kids , this would be something that they would definitely enjoy .	the vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotics .	seince he recieved the fluids last night he said not to worry about drinking water for at least a couple of days .	it sounds like your dog may benefit from being hospitalized , and put on iv fluids to help his hydration , administer the antibiotics iv , and to ensure that he starts to recover .	worms ( and daphnia ) are also rich in lipids , substances important in forming eggs and growing young .	still if you can get your pet shop to do a hardness or tds ( total dissolved solids ) test , that may give you a hint .	especially if you are planning to spend couple days with family and kids , which best suit you can select ?	kids fun games and video shows are added to the other facilities .	it is really an entertainment for the kids .	check out the kids ' space as soon as you get onboard .	we liked getting the late dinner seating , so you have more time to see movies and stuff but if your kids are ' early to bed ' you may want the earlier seating for dinners .
eid	we have gis ids , and eid ( external id - just like gis id ) .
brandee	brandee	brandee sanborn i.s.c. customer care design & process support http://isc.enron.com/site
sanborn	brandee sanborn i.s.c. customer care design & process support http://isc.enron.com/site
i.s.c.	brandee sanborn i.s.c. customer care design & process support http://isc.enron.com/site
http://isc.enron.com/site	brandee sanborn i.s.c. customer care design & process support http://isc.enron.com/site
ngoc	ngoc luan do@enron_development
luan	ngoc luan do@enron_development	full name of the father is : " nguyen thanh luan " ===> full name of the son / daughter certainly is " nguyen .......... " , for instance , " nguyen thi thuy lan " .
do@enron_development	ngoc luan do@enron_development
08/07/2001	08/07/2001 12:36 pm
12:36	08/07/2001 12:36 pm
sourcing	us outsourcing special ops , intelligence to iraq terror group , intelligence officials say	http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/us_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html	i do not feel secure at all to see my ss in so many databases at enron , especially when some databases are from third - parties ( out - sourcing ) .	outsourcing these responsibilities would be a wise alternative , considering the accomplishments of the private sector regarding the space elevator .
3.30	thursday , 23rd august 3.30 pm - 5.30 pm ( eb 46c1 ) .	kevin a. boone accenture -- houston consultant -- energy ( octel ) 713.837.1638 ( client ) 281.848.1619 ( c ) 713.306.7940 ( h ) 713.864.4149 kevin.a.boone@accenture.com
5.30	thursday , 23rd august 3.30 pm - 5.30 pm ( eb 46c1 ) .
46c1	thursday , 23rd august 3.30 pm - 5.30 pm ( eb 46c1 ) .
sunjay	sunjay arya
khymberly	khymberly booth
mecole	mecole brown
o'rourke	tim o'rourke
cashion	tana cashion
fincher	wendy fincher
knudsen	sheila knudsen
shanna	shanna funkhouser	shanna , i spoke with per tonight about this .	this is the background to my conversation with shanna .	i did not hear back from shanna or sharon butcher .	could you please ask shanna to take this situation to sharon tomorrow ?
funkhouser	shanna funkhouser
contacting	in addition they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects outside their rotation .
x54667	karen . x54667
ya'll	hi ya'll ,
skilling	jeff skilling has agreed to work with harvard business school ( hbs ) on a 5 - year case study called ' modern giants ' .
hbs	jeff skilling has agreed to work with harvard business school ( hbs ) on a 5 - year case study called ' modern giants ' .	hbs will shadow enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period .
morph	hbs will shadow enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period .	the consolidation of smaller local radical fundamentalist groups with al - qaeda can also be seen in the case of the fizazi group in tangiers that morphed into the moroccan islamic combatant group , had members who met with september 11 ringleader muhammad atta , and ultimately was in part responsible for the madrid train bombings .
convience	please let me know at your earliest convience if you can help me .
nepco	fyi re : nepco picketing issues .	mike indivero , i understand that mr. mike croall 's release date from nepco is oct 31 , 2001 .	galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation ( nepco ) 11831 north creek parkway north bothell , wa 98011 usa tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
picketing	fyi re : nepco picketing issues .	our execution team needs to get some guidance and planning for this picketing should it interfere with the progress of the work .
fitters	we understand that the pipe fitters are also planning to picket the lake worth , florida project as well .	i have been advised by our construction manager , mr. joe osler that while he was visiting the city of lake worth building planning and zoning dept regarding our permit status he learned that the pipefitters have inquired about permit requirements to picket our site .	i have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the payne creek site today .
olgletree	in that respect , we need to dial in rick johnson and olgletree to plan and communicate that plan to the execution team .
stubley	i think the first step is a call between yourself , me , mark stubley and mike indivero .	barbara , please organize a call for mike , michelle , mark stubley and me .
indivero	i think the first step is a call between yourself , me , mark stubley and mike indivero .	mike indivero , i understand that mr. mike croall 's release date from nepco is oct 31 , 2001 .
jobsite	and then another call with all folks or a meeting at the jobsite to lay out the plan .
osler	i have been advised by our construction manager , mr. joe osler that while he was visiting the city of lake worth building planning and zoning dept regarding our permit status he learned that the pipefitters have inquired about permit requirements to picket our site .
pipefitters	i have been advised by our construction manager , mr. joe osler that while he was visiting the city of lake worth building planning and zoning dept regarding our permit status he learned that the pipefitters have inquired about permit requirements to picket our site .	i have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the payne creek site today .
croall	mike indivero , i understand that mr. mike croall 's release date from nepco is oct 31 , 2001 .
torneby	galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation ( nepco ) 11831 north creek parkway north bothell , wa 98011 usa tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
11831	galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation ( nepco ) 11831 north creek parkway north bothell , wa 98011 usa tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
bothell	galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation ( nepco ) 11831 north creek parkway north bothell , wa 98011 usa tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
98011	galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation ( nepco ) 11831 north creek parkway north bothell , wa 98011 usa tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
425-415-3052	galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation ( nepco ) 11831 north creek parkway north bothell , wa 98011 usa tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
425-922-0475	galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation ( nepco ) 11831 north creek parkway north bothell , wa 98011 usa tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
425-415-3098	galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation ( nepco ) 11831 north creek parkway north bothell , wa 98011 usa tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
mailto:galent@nepco.com	galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation ( nepco ) 11831 north creek parkway north bothell , wa 98011 usa tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com	galen j. torneby project manager national energy production corporation ( nepco ) 11831 north creek parkway north bothell , wa 98011 usa tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
hopkinson@enron_development	rick hopkinson@enron_development
09/16/99	09/16/99 10:07 am	09/16/99 08:55 am	09/16/99 10:16 am	09/16/99 09:48 pm
10:07	09/16/99 10:07 am
invitaion	thank you for the invitaion to the conference call .
shackleton@ect	sara shackleton@ect	sara shackleton@ect	sara shackleton@ect
08:55	09/16/99 08:55 am
araujo	i have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm ( houston time ) with antonio felix de araujo cintra from the tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in brazil .
cintra	i have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm ( houston time ) with antonio felix de araujo cintra from the tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in brazil .
tozzini	i have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm ( houston time ) with antonio felix de araujo cintra from the tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in brazil .	in brazil , i will be meeting again with tozzini lawyers .
marval	in ba , i 'll be meeting with marval lawyers .
10:16	09/16/99 10:16 am
___________________________________________	____________________________________________________	__________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	___________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	_________________________________________________________________	_____________________________________________	_____________________________________________	__________________________________________________
em-enro2.doc	- em-enro2.doc
bertone@enron_development	andrea bertone@enron_development
09/15/99	09/15/99 04:41 pm	09/15/99 08:15 pm
04:41	09/15/99 04:41 pm	02/28/2001 04:41 pm
08:15	09/15/99 08:15 pm
castagnola@enron_development	daniel r castagnola@enron_development
05/17/99	05/17/99 01:47 pm	05/17/99 11:23 am
01:47	05/17/99 01:47 pm
11:23	05/17/99 11:23 am
35620	my extension is 35620 .
luncheon	as a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk yesterday , could someone develop a comprehensive list identifying all omnibus attachments ?	i had my wedding luncheon at this bj s restaurant , and it was one of the best choices that i made .
pertinent	if you think any other pertinent information could be included , please feel free to add it .
reschedule	he just rescheduled to wednesday .	can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am ( houston ) which is 11 am ( sao paulo ) on friday , sept. 17 ?	the conference call has been rescheduled for friday , sept. 17 at 9 am ( houston ) which is 11 am ( sao paulo ) .
09/03/99	09/03/99 01:57 pm
01:57	09/03/99 01:57 pm
laminated	here it is -- we printed this 2 - sided and laminated it .
l/c	it looks like the 2 - day l/c issue is an issue .	we are renewing our l/c's on a month to month basis for the px per sanders .
manogue	joseph manogue at tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft isda doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original .
fedexed	he faxed it to you and will have the original fedexed overnight .
s&s	s&s has again asked about the gtee and l/c wording .
gtee	s&s has again asked about the gtee and l/c wording .	joe asked that you fax the revised gtee wording that has been agreed ( i believe it was our agreeing to reduce the claim period from 15 days down to 5 ) and the new l/c wording ( drops the 2 day period to replace an l/c with a different bank if the first refuses to pay ) .	i know we talked about these issues earlier , but tiger 's lawyers want to get everything agreed in writing now so final docs can be issued for signing , even if we are the one's issuing the gtee and l/c .
docs	i know we talked about these issues earlier , but tiger 's lawyers want to get everything agreed in writing now so final docs can be issued for signing , even if we are the one's issuing the gtee and l/c .
one's	i know we talked about these issues earlier , but tiger 's lawyers want to get everything agreed in writing now so final docs can be issued for signing , even if we are the one's issuing the gtee and l/c .
n.o.	n.o. ? atlanta ?
eleuthra	eleuthra ?
scaring	as for me , well , i lead the simple life , own a little house in west university , own a little car ( i had to buy a new one recently - the 14 - year old 380 se started scaring me a bit ) , you know , the usual .	my next - door neighbor heard the noise and turned on a light , thankfully scaring the two miscreants away ( they even left their hammer behind ! ) .
burgers	are you selling burgers up and down the east coast ?	i want to take him somewhere where there 's going to be awesome burgers / american food , atmosphere ( preferably a tavern / pub style would be nice ) , good service , and all around a great time . =)	they offer a large variety of quality hotdogs and hamburgers they also offer veggie dogs .
samchawk@aol.com	samchawk@aol.com on 09/11/99 07:48:44 pm
09/11/99	samchawk@aol.com on 09/11/99 07:48:44 pm
07:48:44	samchawk@aol.com on 09/11/99 07:48:44 pm
.....	do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......	how would you like to know how you can live in a beautiful new house that is custom - designed to your specifications ......... and at no cost to you ?	the only catch is that you have to have an income above $ 21,000 ...... and ...... you have to follow the easy instructions provided to you .	hmmmmmm ....................	( if ..... ) ( iii ) definitive agreements acceptable to party a in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of [ the project to be owned by party b ] , including but not limited to the senior debt facility , commitments and all project documents , have been fully negotiated and executed and the [ project ] has been brought to financial close .	and you might think by reading this i blame the kids .....	we 'll have four bands , and big d is cookin' ..... lots of fun and great prizes .	let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ..........	for those who believe ....................	limerick is such a full city , shopping , night life , career choices , social choices , i came here about 12 years ago for college ..... and orla got it spot on , i have n't left , nor would i .	hi everyone .... just hav my hands on my new olympus x940 digital camera .. wel , i always wanted 2 hav one by sony .. but anyways , ended up having olympus x940 from my dad ....... does any1 already has it ?	ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated ....... thanks !!!!!!!	watch out the poles are coming ..... my little butterfly	it s for a craft project ..... i want to use it the way u would use icing ....	full name of the father is : " nguyen thanh luan " ===> full name of the son / daughter certainly is " nguyen .......... " , for instance , " nguyen thi thuy lan " .	( petco , petsmart ) ..... thanks !	xbox joys are soo comfyy .....	my breyers need stables or barns though ..... and i need directions and materials on how to make them .	i 'm 5 ' 3 - 4 " and am 21 well will be in nov and my horse is 14.2 hh and she 's perfect size for me i can hop right on with no mounting block ..... only with a saddle though haha i ca n't bareback , not yet	the below site from the us government verifies this - it 's the same for canada , too .....	let s be clear about this ...........	whatever you do ............... do not try to come here with out legal permission .	usually you ca n't go wrong when getting a spa treatment ......	yoga and horses ..... ?	here s my reason .....	you can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking ........	queso should not be watery :( .....	mixed tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad .	grey shirt " mark " of course with this type behavior he could have been wearing someon else s clothing .....	with all the child predators out there , a busy road , cars speeding by ...... and you are going to let some 4 / 5 year olds wonder around cause you 're money hungry ?	and the salsa , be sure to ask for a jar and have plenty of chips around , you will need them .....	everyone was so helpful that i can not wait to go back .....
09/17/99	09/17/99 04:50 am
04:50	09/17/99 04:50 am
09:48	09/16/99 09:48 pm
jmb	jmb < jbennett@gmssr.com >
jbennett@gmssr.com	jmb < jbennett@gmssr.com >
12/22/2000	12/22/2000 06:28 pm
06:28	12/22/2000 06:28 pm
12/27	parties , attached is the promised ruling that provides procedural guidance for the hearings on 12/27 and 12/28 .
12/28	parties , attached is the promised ruling that provides procedural guidance for the hearings on 12/27 and 12/28 .
minkin	-- angela minkin administrative law judge	greetings judge minkin :
1%p701!.doc	<< 1%p701!.doc >>
lindh	" lindh , frank ( law ) " < frl3@pge.com >	frank lindh ray williams ( 415 ) 973-2776 ( 415 ) 973-3634
frl3@pge.com	" lindh , frank ( law ) " < frl3@pge.com >
12/21/2000	12/21/2000 07:50 pm
07:50	12/21/2000 07:50 pm
vintaged	* provides for vintaged redwood path rates for core customers . *
7.5	* offers a 7.5 cent / dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers , minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other cpuc - approved charges . *
dth	did dthat stuff form joe help your car .	the transaction is for hot rolled steel with a thickness of 1 " and a width of 72 inches .	* offers a 7.5 cent / dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers , minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other cpuc - approved charges . *	usually this happens because the developer of the site can no longer afford the cost of bandwidth being used .	figure out how many stalls you want , then measure square cube sections for length and width of horse ,	i ca nt decide between height or width .	he 's just a tiny baby , about the width of a pencil .
minimizing	* offers a 7.5 cent / dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers , minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other cpuc - approved charges . *
adopts	* adopts guidelines to improve reliability and help moderate prices in gas commodity markets , and identifies the capital projects needed to meet these guidelines over the course of the ga ii period ( 2003 - 2007 ) . *
escalator	* provides a high degree of rate stability , with a 3.5 % escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects .
anticipates	pg&e also anticipates that the core procurement incentive mechanism ( cpim ) will be similar to today 's mechanism , but will reflect the somewhat larger capacity holdings needed to meet anticipated increases in core demand and to meet a 1 - day in 10 - year cold weather event .
cpim	pg&e also anticipates that the core procurement incentive mechanism ( cpim ) will be similar to today 's mechanism , but will reflect the somewhat larger capacity holdings needed to meet anticipated increases in core demand and to meet a 1 - day in 10 - year cold weather event .
workpapers	the attached documents include the ga ii settlement proposal , an attachment ( a copy of pg&e 's proposed gas rule 27 ) , and a set of supporting workpapers .
973-2776	frank lindh ray williams ( 415 ) 973-2776 ( 415 ) 973-3634
973-3634	frank lindh ray williams ( 415 ) 973-2776 ( 415 ) 973-3634
12-20-00.doc	<< pg&e gas accord ii settlement proposal 12-20-00.doc >> << proposed gas rule 27.doc >> << cos & rates workpapers for ga ii 12-20-2000 proposal.xls >>
27.doc	<< pg&e gas accord ii settlement proposal 12-20-00.doc >> << proposed gas rule 27.doc >> << cos & rates workpapers for ga ii 12-20-2000 proposal.xls >>
cos	how would you like to know how you can live in a beautiful new house that is custom - designed to your specifications ......... and at no cost to you ?	<< pg&e gas accord ii settlement proposal 12-20-00.doc >> << proposed gas rule 27.doc >> << cos & rates workpapers for ga ii 12-20-2000 proposal.xls >>	avoid at all costs .
12-20-2000	<< pg&e gas accord ii settlement proposal 12-20-00.doc >> << proposed gas rule 27.doc >> << cos & rates workpapers for ga ii 12-20-2000 proposal.xls >>
proposal.xls	<< pg&e gas accord ii settlement proposal 12-20-00.doc >> << proposed gas rule 27.doc >> << cos & rates workpapers for ga ii 12-20-2000 proposal.xls >>
fleshing	mike day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today .	mike day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today .
888.916.7184	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .
415.782.7822	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .
415.621.8317	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .
finalize	we will finalize the message points on tomorrow 's daily call ( 10 am cst ) .	we will finalize the message points on tomorrow 's daily call ( 10 am cst ) .
800.713.8600	the call in number is 800.713.8600 .	the call in number is 800.713.8600 .
80435	code is 80435 .	code is 80435 .
12/26/2000	12/26/2000 03:15 pm	12/26/2000 03:33 pm
03:15	12/26/2000 03:15 pm
kingerski	harry kingerski
03:33	12/26/2000 03:33 pm
whim	instead of suggesting a specific rate increase - 10 or 15 % , i think we should acknowledge that a " modest " increase may be necessary and may in fact be desirable - but that the specific amount of increase should be reasoned and subject to well thought out evidence and hearings , not just determined by whim .	my husband and i happened in on a whim .
prescriptive	in general , we should not be overly prescriptive at this point and i know you agree with that .
excellently	otherwise , i think you have captured the points excellently .
perishable	but while the ( otherwise perishable ) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on monday and tuesday , i wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the days / weeks ahead .
gouging	observation -- the pressure to finger somebody for " price gouging " is increasing .	bilbray joined the " gouging " band wagon .
refunds	his press release following the hearing renewed the call for " refunds . "	at the barton hearing , a liberal democrat ( filner ) and a conservative republican ( hunter ) locked arms in calling for refunds .	robinson said the emergency order allowed the iso to secure refunds should overcharges for electricity be proven to federal officials .
reliant	on my panel , loretta lynch asked reliant and duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers .	$ 10.0 m - negotiated rates reserve ( reliant , sempra , richardson , astr , and bp energy ) - $ collected
filner	at the barton hearing , a liberal democrat ( filner ) and a conservative republican ( hunter ) locked arms in calling for refunds .
bilbray	bilbray joined the " gouging " band wagon .
---	---------	you did a great job at the hearing ---- it went decidely downhill after you left .	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	the utilities repeatedly called on ferc to do a " real " investigation , with hearings , testimony , data discovery --- the works .	rates ca n't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion --- trying to finesse it .	harry also had a good comment --- do n't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments ; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well - reasoned and based on facts and evidence .	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--- the crew exploration vehicle ( cev ) is funded at $ 268 million .	--- a lunar exploration mission is funded at $ 20 million .	--- $ 10 million is provided for centennial challenges .	-----------------------------------------------	---	---------------------------	-------------------	---->===}*{===<----	---->===}*{===<----	-------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------	--------------------------------------------------	i du n no how they did it , but scottish friends --- this is the real deal .
wolak	on the positive side , the ferc commissioners lauded wolak , his analysis , and his remarks on the panel .	wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of california 's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit .
emphatically	wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of california 's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit .
culprit	wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of california 's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit .
prudent	implication -- it seems prudent for enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered .
clamoring	in the best case , the clamoring for a " refund " subsides .
subsides	in the best case , the clamoring for a " refund " subsides .
stunk	in the medium case , investigations find that enron ( like others ) " played by the rules , " but the rules stunk , and enron profited at the expense of california consumers .	the service stunk .
profited	in the medium case , investigations find that enron ( like others ) " played by the rules , " but the rules stunk , and enron profited at the expense of california consumers .
w/out	rates ca n't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion --- trying to finesse it .
finesse	rates ca n't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion --- trying to finesse it .
shawna	shawna johnson@enron	shawna johnson recruiting coordinator
johnson@enron	shawna johnson@enron
02/22/2001	02/22/2001 04:37 pm
interns	the associate and analyst programs will be on the penn , undergraduate campus interviewing summer analyst interns next week .	one of the students indicated that he is interested in a summer internship .
interviewers	due to business reasons , previously scheduled interviewers from the penn team have had to cancel their participation .	currently , i need three interviewers for thursday , march 1st and one interviewer for friday , march 2nd .	i am asking that you forward this note to any potential interviewers ( managers or above ) .	we need for interviewers to commit either to the morning ( 9 am - 12 pm ) or afternoon ( 2 pm - 5 pm ) complete session .
interviewer	due to business reasons , previously scheduled interviewers from the penn team have had to cancel their participation .	currently , i need three interviewers for thursday , march 1st and one interviewer for friday , march 2nd .	i am asking that you forward this note to any potential interviewers ( managers or above ) .	we need for interviewers to commit either to the morning ( 9 am - 12 pm ) or afternoon ( 2 pm - 5 pm ) complete session .
mcgowan	interviewers : kevin mcgowan - confirmed
rhee	margaret rhee - confirmed
hilgert	chris hilgert - confirmed
referrals	in the event that you have scheduling conflicts and can not participate , any referrals at the director or vp level would be greatly appreciated .	i think the women at this salon know that their business is based primarily from referrals . :)
ext	one of the most widespread myths of recent times is that the chernobyl nuclear reactor accident in 1986 caused many thousands of extra cancer deaths in neighbouring regions , and that public health has been severely affected by exposure to radiation .	in the last decade , there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and , to a certain extent , adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former soviet union ( wi940 ) which should be attributed to the chernobyl accident until proven otherwise .	although musharraf did turn against the taliban after september 11 , under extreme duress from the us , elements of his military continued to support radical islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on musharraf himself .	the tigers ' chief ideologue , balasingham , sniffed at the proposal saying that " a solution to the ethnic conflict can not be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences , but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces . "	under president hu jintao , beijing has opened out to new delhi and prime minister wen jiabao is expected to visit early next year , making friends by formally accepting sikkim as part of india and backing india as a permanent member of the u.n. security council -- thus leaving washington as the only one of the " permanent five " that has not yet done so .	what follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a friend of mine ( thanks to dave manzano ) .	almost immediately , he began an extended period of training .	it was an extremely amusing episode , watching chalabi looking smug and amused , contrasted with sha'lan , all serious and barely keeping himself from swearing .	he should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , cia operative michael meiring .	i doubt he will be extradited to venezuela , which is the only way that question could be answered with a yes .	i 've read the book - it 's a first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of contra drug connections that led to terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the twig counterintelligence group that ran interference for the contra effort , staffed by covert ops types including ollie north , robert owen , vince cannistaro and buck revell .	the presence of the sea tigers in the area with guns , cash and drugs makes the situation extremely dangerous .	a number of extremist groups , under the cover of the islamist movement , have become active in drug trafficking , gun running and anti-indian activities .	it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups , such as the harkat - ul - jehad - al - islami , in the port city of chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebels from india 's northeast in touch with this terrorist network .	since september 11 , pakistan has been repeatedly accused by afghan and western leaders of harbouring taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections , but at the highest level the us has avoided criticising president pervaiz musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the us catch al qaeda elements inside pakistan .	all three are extremist taliban or their allies and known to be living in pakistan .	( mullah omar is leader of the taliban , usmani is the former corps commander of kandahar under the taliban regime and now a commander of taliban forces while hikmetyar heads the extremist hizb - e - islami . )	the next day an angry musharraf categorically said that pakistan would not send pakistani troops to iraq , a clear snub to the americans .	us and afghan intelligence will shortly be presenting the isi with a list of taliban extremists and their suspected whereabouts .	it is now abundantly clear that with the rapidly changing face of afghanistan , the demise of key northern alliance figures and the fluid political situation in afghanistan , pakistan should reconsider its policy of giving unlimited sanctuary to taliban extremists living on pakistani soil .	and i thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations , particularly in the context of something as serious as a us senatorial campaign , by talking about their drinking the night before .	the rajavis , afshari went on to say , '' saw these kids as the next generation 's soldiers .	fabio and his friends were into the most extreme forms of heavy metal music - death metal and black metal , music obsessed with images of murder and satanism - and the role of this music is central to the story .	... the most extreme forms of heavy metal music - death metal and black metal , music obsessed with images of murder and satanism - and the role of this music is central to the story .	but succintly making point after succint point , the text of the letter stands on its own merit , regardless .	i guess those guns will be located enroute to venezuela or found in storage there by one of the us 's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two .	it is the text of a speech given by an arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large multi-nation corporation .	and all of this is happening in a region , which only 30 years ago , was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world , and in a moslem area , which developed , at some point in history , one of the most advanced cultures in the world .	the u.s. and europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder , not the next one .	they promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .	the outer circle is largely financed by saudi arabia , but also by donations from certain moslem communities in the united states and europe and , to a smaller extent , by donations of european governments to various ngo's and by certain united nations organizations , whose goals may be noble , but they are infested and exploited by agents of the outer circle .	the saudi regime , of course , will be the next victim of major terror , when the inner circle will explode into the outer circle .
58369	as always , thank you for your time and please contact me @ ext 58369 if you have any questions .
kushnick	" scott a. kushnick " < skush@swbell.net >
skush@swbell.net	" scott a. kushnick " < skush@swbell.net >
01/26/2001	01/26/2001 12:48 pm	01/26/2001 09:37 am	01/26/2001 11:57 am	01/26/2001 11:36 am	01/26/2001 10:51 am
12:48	01/26/2001 12:48 pm
01/25/2001	01/25/2001 09:40 am	01/25/2001 02:02 am
09:40	01/25/2001 09:40 am
byargeon	tom byargeon , kevin miller and ken loch in ena are working with producers in the us involved in deep water offshore louisiana / texas oil and gas drilling projects .
vpp	just like what happened in enron 's initial vpp program they are find more interest in oil drilling projects rather than natural gas projects .
1/31	they are currently working on a bid ( due 1/31 ) for the medusa project which involves murphy ( operator ) , agip and callon in mississippi canyon blocks # 538 and # 582 .
medusa	they are currently working on a bid ( due 1/31 ) for the medusa project which involves murphy ( operator ) , agip and callon in mississippi canyon blocks # 538 and # 582 .
agip	they are currently working on a bid ( due 1/31 ) for the medusa project which involves murphy ( operator ) , agip and callon in mississippi canyon blocks # 538 and # 582 .
callon	they are currently working on a bid ( due 1/31 ) for the medusa project which involves murphy ( operator ) , agip and callon in mississippi canyon blocks # 538 and # 582 .
538	http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/asin/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939	they are currently working on a bid ( due 1/31 ) for the medusa project which involves murphy ( operator ) , agip and callon in mississippi canyon blocks # 538 and # 582 .
582	grand hyatt hotel 1000 h street nw washington dc 20001 phone : 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax : 202.637.4781 website : http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html	they are currently working on a bid ( due 1/31 ) for the medusa project which involves murphy ( operator ) , agip and callon in mississippi canyon blocks # 538 and # 582 .
40,000	the initial reservoir reports estimate reserves of 80 - 120 million barrels of sour crude and they estimate initial production to be 40,000 bpd starting in 1q 2003 .	according to a report issued by the center for strategic and international studies in december of 2004 , iran " has some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserves .	40,000 - number of soldiers in iraq seven months after start of the war still without interceptor vests , designed to stop a round from an ak - 47 .	$ 60 m - estimated cost of outfitting those 40,000 soldiers with interceptor vests .	totals $ 22,750,000 $ 40,000,000
bpd	the initial reservoir reports estimate reserves of 80 - 120 million barrels of sour crude and they estimate initial production to be 40,000 bpd starting in 1q 2003 .	another alternative is to give murphy barrels at their 95,000 bpd meraux , louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrels .	in texas , bp shut its 460,000 barrels per day refinery and marathon shut its 72,000 bpd plant .	valero said it was reducing rates at its 243,000 bpd texas city refinery and its 85,000 bpd houston refinery .
1q	the initial reservoir reports estimate reserves of 80 - 120 million barrels of sour crude and they estimate initial production to be 40,000 bpd starting in 1q 2003 .
2.0	quality is estimated to be a mars type crude with 25 - 27 api gravity and 1.5 - 2.0 % sulfur .	list price : $ 2.00	my role with firefox and the mozilla project will remain largely unchanged , i will continue doing much the same work as i have described above - with the new goal of successful 1.1 , 1.5 and 2.0 releases .
equilon	plans are to build a private pipeline to equilon 's west delta # 143 platform and then bring the oil onshore .
onshore	plans are to build a private pipeline to equilon 's west delta # 143 platform and then bring the oil onshore .	peggy is finding out where wd # 143 pumps to onshore .
wd	peggy is finding out where wd # 143 pumps to onshore .
95,000	another alternative is to give murphy barrels at their 95,000 bpd meraux , louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrels .
meraux	another alternative is to give murphy barrels at their 95,000 bpd meraux , louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrels .
huble@enron	amanda huble@enron
01/24/2001	01/24/2001 01:02 pm	01/24/2001 11:42 am	sheridan titman < titman@mail.utexas.edu > on 01/24/2001 02:45:50 pm	01/24/2001 03:51 pm	darrell duffie < duffie@stanford.edu > on 01/24/2001 03:17:01 pm	01/24/2001 11:21 am	al arfsten < arfsten@bflassociates.com > on 01/24/2001 11:16:25 am
01:02	01/24/2001 01:02 pm
hoog	david hoog
09:37	01/26/2001 09:37 am
burdensome	these are short term transactions and requiring this documentation will cause us to lose business because competitive alternatives do not have such burdensome requirements .
downside	the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open - ended downside , loses $ 50 million , and then claims that it was not a valid contract .	the only downside is they should be kept in pairs or trios and require a pretty large habitat .
payout	even if they did , our risk is limited to the premium , not some big payout .	by going away from the standard isda maybe we can eliminate these requirements because the payout liability is only 1 - way .
rusamarts@aol.com	rusamarts@aol.com
11:57	01/26/2001 11:57 am
mmc	the position is with the ees mmc east department / wholesale , retail & comm , enron energy services .
comm	ken rice@enron communications	ken rice@enron communications	ken rice@enron communications	lara leibman@enron communications	ken rice@enron communications	the position is with the ees mmc east department / wholesale , retail & comm , enron energy services .	traci warner@enron communications on 08/16/2000 03:14:14 pm
rina	rina	the word renaissance ( rinascimento in italian ) means " rebirth " , and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that renaissance humanists labelled the dark ages .
enronr~1.doc	- enronr~1.doc
yikes	yikes !
martinez@enron	alma martinez@enron
11:36	01/26/2001 11:36 am	08/08/2000 11:36 am
7:35	here 's a story ... as i was waiting at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approached me and asked if i 'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus .	11/28/2000 07:35 pm
nicki	i could n't say no ... so nicki ( the little girl - 10 yrs. old ) and i waited for the bus .	i decided that nicki would just have to wait on her own .	and i was relieved when nicki called to let me know she was home safe .
yrs.	i could n't say no ... so nicki ( the little girl - 10 yrs. old ) and i waited for the bus .
8:15	09/15/99 08:15 pm	it was now , 8:15 and there was no sign of her bus .
uofh	a bus that runs through uofh arrived and i almost got on without her , but i could n't do it .
egm	please send the memo to the egm business heads as well .	is there anyone else in egm that could participate ?	jen , please take care of this for egm	jen , please take care of this for egm
giovannini	jana giovannini	jana giovannini
10:51	01/26/2001 10:51 am
11:42	01/24/2001 11:42 am
anticipate	pg&e also anticipates that the core procurement incentive mechanism ( cpim ) will be similar to today 's mechanism , but will reflect the somewhat larger capacity holdings needed to meet anticipated increases in core demand and to meet a 1 - day in 10 - year cold weather event .	while we anticipate many new analysts joining enron this summer ( late may ) and fulltime ( august ) we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an off - cycle recruiting event .	1 . the short forms do not contain the optionality relating to our performing billing services -- all of our midmarket forms anticipate that we will act as customer 's billing agent and that we will collect all amounts due related to t&d and the like from the customer ( and reflect same on our invoice ) and pass those amounts on to the customer 's utility .	the price was actually lower than what i had anticipated and used to compared to other places , plus he showed me the work he did when i came in to pick up the car .	this is one example of what happens when bush gets a question that he has n't anticipated .	i anticipate completing the review of the master agreement form and submitting comments to you by monday .
fulltime	while we anticipate many new analysts joining enron this summer ( late may ) and fulltime ( august ) we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an off - cycle recruiting event .
1.65	where does our 50 % ( the 1.65 million dollars ) show up ?
02:02	01/25/2001 02:02 am
perry@enron_development	wayne perry@enron_development
25/01/2001	25/01/2001 00:20
00:20	25/01/2001 00:20
lng	net to enron lng marketing company - $ 272,000 ( $ 0.10 / mmbtu )	today is my last day in the office here at azurix , and in the coming months , i will start in a new position as svp in the lng development group at el paso energy .
272,000	net to enron lng marketing company - $ 272,000 ( $ 0.10 / mmbtu )
0.10	net to enron lng marketing company - $ 272,000 ( $ 0.10 / mmbtu )
3,300,000	net to eco about $ 3,300,000 ( enron 50 % share about $ 1,650,000 )
1,650,000	net to eco about $ 3,300,000 ( enron 50 % share about $ 1,650,000 )
1,922,000	enron total gain not counting ena 's trading desk margin is $ 1,922,000
1.1	1 . in section 1.1 , there should be a parentheses after etc. in the 5th line .	my role with firefox and the mozilla project will remain largely unchanged , i will continue doing much the same work as i have described above - with the new goal of successful 1.1 , 1.5 and 2.0 releases .
3.1	grand hyatt hotel 1000 h street nw washington dc 20001 phone : 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax : 202.637.4781 website : http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html	2 . in section 3.1 , in the last sentence after the proviso insert " a " before the word " change " and after the word " in " .
proviso	2 . in section 3.1 , in the last sentence after the proviso insert " a " before the word " change " and after the word " in " .
6.1	cindy franklin transportation services work : 832.676.3177 fax : 832.676.1329 pager : 1.888.509.3736	3 . in section 6.1 , change 20 business days to 20 days .	12 . remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in section 6.1 .	from : george walker bush 202.456.1414 / 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461	george walker bush switchboard : 202.456.1414 comments : 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461 e-mail : presid...@whitehouse.gov	$ 6.1 m - amount the epa historically valued each human life when conducting economic analyses of proposed regulations .	ey4096.1 performance 01-feb-02 p 6,363,217 - $ 250,393
semicolon	also , add a semicolon at the end of clause ( i ) .
6.2.1	4 . in section 6.2.1 i 'll just note that the discount rate sentence i think is still an open issue .	7 . delete the definition of costs as it is already defined in section 6.2.1 .
6.3	cindy franklin transportation services work : 832.676.3177 fax : 832.676.1329 pager : 1.888.509.3736	5 . in section 6.3 , clause ( c ) should be reworded to fit with the language in the beginning of the section .	on september 21 , 2004 , the u.s. senate appropriations committee approved $ 16.379 billion in funding for nasa for fiscal year 2005 .	" national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) : is funded at $ 16.379 billion , an increase of $ 200 million over the fy04 enacted level , and a reduction of $ 665 million from the budget request .	i got my horse when i was 12 and i was already 5 ' 9 - 5 ' 10 , thankfully i stopped growing when i hit 5 ' 11 " but my horse is about 16.2 or 16.3 hh , tb .	ey4096.3 performance 01-feb-02 p 202,989 $ 195,610
reworded	5 . in section 6.3 , clause ( c ) should be reworded to fit with the language in the beginning of the section .
capitalize	6 . capitalize the word " facility " in the definition of average annual load factor .
gtc	did you get a chance to find those gtc's for ena that you can forward this way ?	9 . in the gtc , the ecp rep should also apply to eesi .	taking into consideration this class of customer , we decided to include certain items , including our inability to cover our costs due to a change in law , rules or practices as a " force majeure event " in an effort to soften the approach ( see the gtcs ) .
ecp	9 . in the gtc , the ecp rep should also apply to eesi .	in addition , could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ecp , so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ecp .
eesi	9 . in the gtc , the ecp rep should also apply to eesi .
reps	also , in the 7th line of the reps add the word " into " after the word " entered " and before the word " this " .
comma	the police commander of ninevah province announced that bombings had declined 80 percent in mosul , whereas there had been a big jump in the number of kidnappings .	one of them was from the jubur tribe and was deputy commander of the hawijah garrison .	because the us and pakistan have managed to capture or kill about 2 / 3s of the top 25 al - qaeda commanders , the middle managers are not in close contact with al - zawahiri and bin laden .	unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in south asia , pervez musharraf has now called colin powell 's bluff , challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the indians jump to his commands .	on sensing my incredulity to his statement he asserted that ba'athist cells exist in all parts of the country and that they do have a central command , even though many have formed seperate cells ( often under islamic labels ) with their own leaderships .	( mullah omar is leader of the taliban , usmani is the former corps commander of kandahar under the taliban regime and now a commander of taliban forces while hikmetyar heads the extremist hizb - e - islami . )	moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to kabul leading taliban commanders , who have been living quietly in pakistan and have taken no part in the taliban insurgency .	( newsweek reported that bush commanded his cabinet , " let heads roll ! " )	they are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters , planners , commanders , preachers , all of whom make a living , usually a very comfortable living , by serving as terror infrastructure .	goal is to ( politely ? ) refute loretta lynch 's and carl woods ' continued assertions that 1 ) california 's move to deregulate was based solely on ideology with no basis in fact and 2 ) the solution is to turn back the clock to command - and - control regulation .	10 . in collateral requests , insert a comma after deposit in the last line .	( he is 92 pounds ) he does not listen to any commands , but my major problem is that he will not go outside on command , or even with me .	and to willingly go outside ... and to come on command .	he wo nt do anything on command .	she is crate trained , potty trained , and can sit , lay down , stay , come , fetch , and will even stay in a down position while i throw a treat across the floor or even right next to her paw , and she wo nt get it until i give her the command .	you have to be in command at all times .	the clerics demanded talks with local us commanders .
remedies	12 . remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in section 6.1 .
ucc	13 . in ucc / disclaimer of warranties , add a clause ( c ) .
disclaimer	13 . in ucc / disclaimer of warranties , add a clause ( c ) .	** disclaimer **
warranties	13 . in ucc / disclaimer of warranties , add a clause ( c ) .
setoff	i would add setoff language .	if you feel strongly about our including a setoff provision , we will do so .
3889	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
713-853-3989	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
713-646-3393	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
castano@ees	marianne castano@ees
05/30/2001	05/30/2001 11:05 am	05/30/2001 03:00 pm
11:05	05/30/2001 11:05 am
midmarket	1 . the short forms do not contain the optionality relating to our performing billing services -- all of our midmarket forms anticipate that we will act as customer 's billing agent and that we will collect all amounts due related to t&d and the like from the customer ( and reflect same on our invoice ) and pass those amounts on to the customer 's utility .	if you are comfortable , we will drive these changes into our other midmarket power forms .
t&d	1 . the short forms do not contain the optionality relating to our performing billing services -- all of our midmarket forms anticipate that we will act as customer 's billing agent and that we will collect all amounts due related to t&d and the like from the customer ( and reflect same on our invoice ) and pass those amounts on to the customer 's utility .
majeure	taking into consideration this class of customer , we decided to include certain items , including our inability to cover our costs due to a change in law , rules or practices as a " force majeure event " in an effort to soften the approach ( see the gtcs ) .
soften	taking into consideration this class of customer , we decided to include certain items , including our inability to cover our costs due to a change in law , rules or practices as a " force majeure event " in an effort to soften the approach ( see the gtcs ) .	i use miracle cloth , they 're fantastic , just do n't use fabric softener or dryer sheets when cleaning them , it ruins their " grabbing " ability .
gtcs	taking into consideration this class of customer , we decided to include certain items , including our inability to cover our costs due to a change in law , rules or practices as a " force majeure event " in an effort to soften the approach ( see the gtcs ) .
hillegonds	p.s. please be sure to copy sarah dietrich and jennifer hillegonds on your response -- they will be taking this project during my " hiatus " -- i am moving to pa on friday of this week , and will be out of pocket through approximately 7/16 .
7/16	p.s. please be sure to copy sarah dietrich and jennifer hillegonds on your response -- they will be taking this project during my " hiatus " -- i am moving to pa on friday of this week , and will be out of pocket through approximately 7/16 .
mid-july	i will start up again in mid-july ...	still , you have a better chance of some peace and quiet , and the weather can be surprisingly better in april and september than in mid-july - again , it 's all part of the uncertainty principle .	wei ligang , a rising star of modern art in china , just had an exhibition in mid-july , 2005 in hong kong .
05/31/2001	05/31/2001 09:01 am
09:01	05/31/2001 09:01 am	03/29/2001 09:01 am
transferable	our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the lc transferable .
lemelpe@nu.com	lemelpe@nu.com	lemelpe@nu.com	lemelpe@nu.com
03:00	05/30/2001 03:00 pm	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/14/2005 07:03:00 pm
loc	how are you making out on the revised version of the loc ?	i think valerie mooney ( our credit person ) and ed sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the loc format .	as far as the eei goes , the only remaining issue that i 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the loc ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	location : conference call	archilochus solar eclipse : april 6 , 648 bc friday	i say listen : i 'm at 17th and locust , do you deliver there ?	ok , 1701 locust street i say .	location has closed .
rhonda	rhonda :	rhonda l denton	rhonda l denton	rhonda :	rhonda l denton	rhonda :	rhonda l denton	rhonda l denton
lepore	as i mentioned in my e-mail , john lepore at select energy ( settlements group ) is trying to reconcile our list with his list .
860-665-2368	his number is 860-665-2368 and e-mail address is leporjj@selectenergy.com .
leporjj@selectenergy.com	his number is 860-665-2368 and e-mail address is leporjj@selectenergy.com .
05/25/2001	05/25/2001 12:45 pm	carol st clair 05/25/2001 12:01 pm	05/25/2001 11:45 am	carol st clair 05/25/2001 10:56 am	05/25/2001 10:44 am
12:45	05/25/2001 12:45 pm
5/1/01	here 's everything that flows from 5/1/01 forward .
12:01	carol st clair 05/25/2001 12:01 pm
6/1/01	do you want 6/1/01 and forward or do you want to include all of may since they have not been settled ?
10:44	05/25/2001 10:44 am
mooney	i think valerie mooney ( our credit person ) and ed sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the loc format .
finalizing	as far as the eei goes , the only remaining issue that i 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the loc ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the attachment containing the list of prior transactions .
lemell	phyllis lemell
06/01/2001	06/01/2001 03:20 pm	06/01/2001 03:20 pm	06/01/2001 03:20 pm
03:20	06/01/2001 03:20 pm	06/01/2001 03:20 pm	06/01/2001 03:20 pm
no.	i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet .	it is enpower no. 295870 .	i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet .	it is enpower no. 295870 .	i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet .	it is enpower no. 295870 .	shakespeare electronic conference , vol. 6 , no. 0832 . monday , 23 october 1995 .
74419	i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet .	i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet .	i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet .
enpower	it is enpower no. 295870 .	it is enpower no. 295870 .	it is enpower no. 295870 .
295870	it is enpower no. 295870 .	it is enpower no. 295870 .	it is enpower no. 295870 .
chnages	we can accept the language with your chnages .	our system did not show any other chnages .
06/04/01	06/04/01 08:38 am
08:38	06/04/01 08:38 am
transferability	our credit person does n't understand why the transferability language needs to be eliminated .
governs	it simply refers to the same icc publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally .
interconnect	please see the attached interconnect agreement with questar .	<< file : questar so trails hub interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>	please see the attached interconnect agreement with questar .	<< file : questar so trails hub interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>
questar	please see the attached interconnect agreement with questar .	it is a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with questar .	you will notice that questar has requested a " payment plan " that details when they will pay transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent enron events .	<< file : questar so trails hub interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>	we are looking at putting the metering facilities on their row ( also , i think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of row from elpaso to get to questar 's property ) .	questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of may 1 .	please see the attached interconnect agreement with questar .	it is a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with questar .	you will notice that questar has requested a " payment plan " that details when they will pay transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent enron events .	<< file : questar so trails hub interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>	questar may be able to purchase material , but some of the items can have up to a 60 day delivery .	we are looking at putting the metering facilities on their row ( also , i think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of row from elpaso to get to questar 's property ) .	questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of may 1 .
reimbursable	it is a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with questar .	it is a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with questar .
ciac	also , you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the ciac tax gross up , but to protect ourselves , we have added language in para 3.2 that protects us financially if the irs ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the ciac tax .	also , you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the ciac tax gross up , but to protect ourselves , we have added language in para 3. that protects us financially if the irs ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the ciac tax .
3.2	also , you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the ciac tax gross up , but to protect ourselves , we have added language in para 3.2 that protects us financially if the irs ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the ciac tax .	$ 3.29 - average amount allocated per person nationwide in the first round of homeland security grants .
713-853-3098	kim 713-853-3098	kim 713-853-3098
02-05-02.doc	<< file : questar so trails hub interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>	<< file : questar so trails hub interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>
metering	we are looking at putting the metering facilities on their row ( also , i think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of row from elpaso to get to questar 's property ) .	as you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain elpaso row , we will have to look at plan b which would be to put the metering on our row .	we are looking at putting the metering facilities on their row ( also , i think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of row from elpaso to get to questar 's property ) .	as you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain elpaso row , we will have to look at plan b which would be to put the metering on our row .
chanley	earl chanley 505-625-8031	earl chanley 505-625-8031
505-625-8031	earl chanley 505-625-8031	earl chanley 505-625-8031
3.	http://www.bigeye.com/111003.htm	http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/us_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html	steve , i noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21 % year on year ( ie ) $ 13.9 m from $ 11.5 m .	the duration of the call is 3.5 hours .	if you have any questions or require any assistance at all , please contact hope duncan at 202.739.0134 or jeff mangold at 703.729.2710 .	grand hyatt hotel 1000 h street nw washington dc 20001 phone : 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax : 202.637.4781 website : http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html	thursday , 23rd august 3.30 pm - 5.30 pm ( eb 46c1 ) .	* provides a high degree of rate stability , with a 3.5 % escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects .	the call in number is 800.713.8600 .	the call in number is 800.713.8600 .	2 . in section 3.1 , in the last sentence after the proviso insert " a " before the word " change " and after the word " in " .	also , you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the ciac tax gross up , but to protect ourselves , we have added language in para 3.2 that protects us financially if the irs ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the ciac tax .	also , you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the ciac tax gross up , but to protect ourselves , we have added language in para 3. that protects us financially if the irs ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the ciac tax .	$ 3.7 m - amount the epa valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the bush administration .	$ 3.8 bn - amount in the superfund trust fund for toxic site clean - ups in 1995 , the year " polluter pays " fees expired .	$ 3.29 - average amount allocated per person nationwide in the first round of homeland security grants .	43.6 m - number of americans without health insurance by the end of 2002 ( more than 15 per cent of the population ) .	$ 23.8 b - amount the united states spent on international aid and diplomacy in 2002 .	lotte world : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-x_e2uwt6wpw/tkj_7uvtw6i/aaaaaaaaags/e_hicadypyi/s1600/lotte_world_from_high_up.jpg	namsan tower : http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg	http://www.blueoakstables.com/breyerhorsebarns_barn003.asp	apps 4 salad 3 entree 3.5 wine 5 ( nov 07 )	i adopted a 3.5 month old yellow lab last winter from the dumb friends league .	then i got a bill for $ 483.00 .	additionally we tried the logan circle roll , spicy crab and tuna roll , and sweet potato tempura roll ( $ 15 , $ 10 , and $ 3.75 respectively ) .	kevin a. boone accenture -- houston consultant -- energy ( octel ) 713.837.1638 ( client ) 281.848.1619 ( c ) 713.306.7940 ( h ) 713.864.4149 kevin.a.boone@accenture.com	john staikos direct dial :? 203.961.7523 direct fax :? 203.674.7723 e-mail :? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com	the charts are now in the most recent version of adobe acrobat 4.0 and they should print clearly from adobe acrobat reader 3.0 or higher .	i am looking for people who would like to play d & d 3.5 and live in or around the chillicothe , oh area .	now at 83.5 .	chris abel manager , risk controls global risk operations chris.abel@enron.com < mailto:chris.abel@enron.com > 713.853.3102	do you know the online streaming link for red fm 93.5 delhi ?
1,183	ticket price was $ 1,183 per ticket .
janell	janell and dennis will not be able to go anywhere in 2002 due to janell 's broken leg .
x33098	kim x33098
telephony	the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use , i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates .	the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use , i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates .
hotline	the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use , i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates .	how much notification would you like to give the tw customers before implementing the new tw hotline phone number ?	the new tw hotline was implemented monday which included customer notification in the form of a popup message in tms and a critical notice which sent an email .	the new hotline phone number is 713-853-3044 .	the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use , i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates .	how much notification would you like to give the tw customers before implementing the new tw hotline phone number ?
kowalke	the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use , i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates .	i was under the impression that terry kowalke had notified you of the implementation , tk was also made aware .	the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use , i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates .
reps.	the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use , i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates .	the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use , i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates .
popup	we can do a popup notification along with changing the number on the web page , we can also put out a critical message which will send an email to customers .	the new tw hotline was implemented monday which included customer notification in the form of a popup message in tms and a critical notice which sent an email .	we can do a popup notification along with changing the number on the web page , we can also put out a critical message which will send an email to customers .
tms	the new tw hotline was implemented monday which included customer notification in the form of a popup message in tms and a critical notice which sent an email .
713-853-3044	the new hotline phone number is 713-853-3044 .
tk	i was under the impression that terry kowalke had notified you of the implementation , tk was also made aware .	5765 - ntkb
browncover	attached is the tw top ten shippers by revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the browncover report .
180.9	total transportation invoiced for 2001 was $ 180.9 m .
165.9	the amount of transportation revenues recorded in the general ledger is $ 165.9 m .
10.0	$ 10.0 m - negotiated rates reserve ( reliant , sempra , richardson , astr , and bp energy ) - $ collected	because the 10.000.000 people dying from malaria will otherwise be dead .	the only 10.0 " perfect score " avvo rated attorney i have ever met .
sempra	$ 10.0 m - negotiated rates reserve ( reliant , sempra , richardson , astr , and bp energy ) - $ collected
astr	$ 10.0 m - negotiated rates reserve ( reliant , sempra , richardson , astr , and bp energy ) - $ collected	category : science > astronomy	we have started a new forum for an interactive and absorbing discussion on astrology & palmistry and everything in between including gemology , feng shui / vaastu shastra .
2.7	if you have any questions or require any assistance at all , please contact hope duncan at 202.739.0134 or jeff mangold at 703.729.2710 .	wyndham washington dc 1400 m street nw washington , dc 20005 phone : 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 fax : 202.785.0786 website : http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	$ 2.7 m - socal rate issue - $ not collected	it 's more compact , iso 6400 capability ( sx40 only 3200 ) , faster lens at f/2 and the sx40 only f / 2.7 .
socal	$ 2.7 m - socal rate issue - $ not collected	if you have n't heard , socal 's announced their abandoning windows for ofos .
1.8	cindy franklin transportation services work : 832.676.3177 fax : 832.676.1329 pager : 1.888.509.3736	grand hyatt hotel 1000 h street nw washington dc 20001 phone : 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax : 202.637.4781 website : http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html	wyndham washington dc 1400 m street nw washington , dc 20005 phone : 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 fax : 202.785.0786 website : http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	$ 1.8 m - additional month of pge revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001 - $ collected	kevin a. boone accenture -- houston consultant -- energy ( octel ) 713.837.1638 ( client ) 281.848.1619 ( c ) 713.306.7940 ( h ) 713.864.4149 kevin.a.boone@accenture.com
prepayment	$ 1.8 m - additional month of pge revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001 - $ collected	we have worked with daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment has taken 45 days alone .	daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .
x36709	please call me at x36709 if there are questions
accountabilities	here is the job description and the operational accountabilities for the position i mentioned to you last sunday .
interpersonal	as you can see it will take someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationships .
daugherty	thomas w. daugherty vice president for spiritual care methodist health care system 6565 fannin street , d - 200 houston , texas 77030-2707 office : 713-793-1429 page : 281-735-5919 cell : 713-819-2784 fax : 713-790-2605
6565	thomas w. daugherty vice president for spiritual care methodist health care system 6565 fannin street , d - 200 houston , texas 77030-2707 office : 713-793-1429 page : 281-735-5919 cell : 713-819-2784 fax : 713-790-2605
fannin	thomas w. daugherty vice president for spiritual care methodist health care system 6565 fannin street , d - 200 houston , texas 77030-2707 office : 713-793-1429 page : 281-735-5919 cell : 713-819-2784 fax : 713-790-2605
77030-2707	thomas w. daugherty vice president for spiritual care methodist health care system 6565 fannin street , d - 200 houston , texas 77030-2707 office : 713-793-1429 page : 281-735-5919 cell : 713-819-2784 fax : 713-790-2605
713-793-1429	thomas w. daugherty vice president for spiritual care methodist health care system 6565 fannin street , d - 200 houston , texas 77030-2707 office : 713-793-1429 page : 281-735-5919 cell : 713-819-2784 fax : 713-790-2605
281-735-5919	thomas w. daugherty vice president for spiritual care methodist health care system 6565 fannin street , d - 200 houston , texas 77030-2707 office : 713-793-1429 page : 281-735-5919 cell : 713-819-2784 fax : 713-790-2605
713-819-2784	thomas w. daugherty vice president for spiritual care methodist health care system 6565 fannin street , d - 200 houston , texas 77030-2707 office : 713-793-1429 page : 281-735-5919 cell : 713-819-2784 fax : 713-790-2605
713-790-2605	thomas w. daugherty vice president for spiritual care methodist health care system 6565 fannin street , d - 200 houston , texas 77030-2707 office : 713-793-1429 page : 281-735-5919 cell : 713-819-2784 fax : 713-790-2605
mansoor	mansoor ,
prepaid	since the bankruptcy filing , vendors have been very reluctant to ship material prior to it being prepaid ( daniels , fisher , rosemont , other ) .
rosemont	since the bankruptcy filing , vendors have been very reluctant to ship material prior to it being prepaid ( daniels , fisher , rosemont , other ) .
chromatograph	we have worked with daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment has taken 45 days alone .	daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .
prepayments	daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .
i/c	the i/c design is for a ultrasonic meter and this is dependent on their testing schedule ( canada or kansas are the only two places to test to 100 % of design ) .	we will try to complete the i/c with the earliest in - service date possible , but with conditions as they are , a realistic date would be june 15 , 2002 .
ultrasonic	the i/c design is for a ultrasonic meter and this is dependent on their testing schedule ( canada or kansas are the only two places to test to 100 % of design ) .	will confirm testing schedule and delivery dates with ultrasonic asap .
w/	i 'm not sure you have the authority to sign documents w/o special authority ...	rates ca n't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion --- trying to finesse it .	listening to the edison call w/ investors edison says they will pay everyone at the same time ( " big bang " approach ) sometime in q1 '02 .	lotte world : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-x_e2uwt6wpw/tkj_7uvtw6i/aaaaaaaaags/e_hicadypyi/s1600/lotte_world_from_high_up.jpg	http://travel.state.gov/travel/cis_pa_tw/cis/cis_1052.html	good luck w/ it & will pray for you to have the willpower to be smoke - free :)
'02	listening to the edison call w/ investors edison says they will pay everyone at the same time ( " big bang " approach ) sometime in q1 '02 .
heckuvalot	my concern is that between now and then dunn , the ag have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief , which could be detrimental to generators / marketers ' claims .
qfs	investors are asking what edison intends for qfs and generators -- asking about haircuts in particular -- and edison is side - stepping the questions .
haircuts	investors are asking what edison intends for qfs and generators -- asking about haircuts in particular -- and edison is side - stepping the questions .
schedulers	you know when the meeting with schedulers will be ?
./	thanks for the info - a few people from our shop will be in attendance ./
ofos	if you have n't heard , socal 's announced their abandoning windows for ofos .
hikes	electricity : a panel focuses on price hikes and the actions of the iso president .
kindy	by kimberly kindy
subpoenas	a state senate committee is set today to start serving 16 subpoenas on electricity producers and officials who manage california 's energy grid to determine whether they acted in concert to manipulate energy prices .	the subpoenas will force those involved , including winter , to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee , and to turn over e-mails , personal calendars and memos .	he said the main aim of the subpoenas will be to determine whether collusion occurred to " fix " prices , which would violate federal trade laws .
sen.	the investigative committee , headed by state sen. joe dunn , d - santa ana , is focusing on a series of events last fall filled with enough shakespearean plot twists and intrigue that it has earned a name around the capitol : " the palace coup . "
shakespearean	the investigative committee , headed by state sen. joe dunn , d - santa ana , is focusing on a series of events last fall filled with enough shakespearean plot twists and intrigue that it has earned a name around the capitol : " the palace coup . "
intrigue	i am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that goldman , morgan , bp and shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours .	the investigative committee , headed by state sen. joe dunn , d - santa ana , is focusing on a series of events last fall filled with enough shakespearean plot twists and intrigue that it has earned a name around the capitol : " the palace coup . "	the mysteries of the universe continue to attract and intrigue you , as you apply your mystical awareness to the important decisions upcoming in your life , especially concerning partnerships of all kinds .
allege	george w. bush alleged thursday that john edwards lacks the experience necessary to be president .	although it is often alleged ( without much evidence ) that saddam hussein gave money to the families of palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare , it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to israel .	another connection to philippine terror and weapons smuggling - dating from the 1980s - is alleged in the book disposable patriot , by jack terrell .	these alleged members of the arakan army , the military wing of the national unity party in myanmar , have been charged with illegal entry .	at the time of his arrest , the suspect was allegedly involved in constructing a " submarine " in a shipyard on the island of sirae near phuket on the andaman sea coast .	the meeting was pushed together by the cia and the us defence department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged pakistani backed taliban .	mr. sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester , but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time .	mrs. arafat , who lives in paris with her daughter , receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt palestinian authority , while a typical local ringleader of the al - aksa brigade , reporting to arafat , receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars , for performing murders at the retail level .	allow me , for a moment , to depart from my alleged role as a taxi driver and return to science .	yazid sufaat provided moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for infocus technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .	he allegedly was at one or more meetings in the summer of 2001 in pakistan at which ksm and sufaat were present .	the present evidence relating to atta 's alleged travel to prague does not warrant a conclusion that al qaeda obtained the ames strain from iraq .	mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the pakistani bacteriologist dr. abdul qadoos khan .	lawmakers and consumer groups allege that the events - directed by the man who heads the state 's energy grid - fueled the california energy crisis , pushed the state into the power - buying business and helped make billions of dollars for power producers .	this refers to the alleged scanning of all usenet traffic by the national security agency ( and possibly other intelligence organizations ) for interesting keywords .	xinhua alleged that " many of the iraqis , who suffer the american occupation of iraq , relate their case with that of the palestinian people , under the israeli occupation . "	the current complaints allege that hano has not provided qualified former st. thomas residents a preference with respect to available public housing units at river garden per the 2003 agreement .	on the internet site of monotheism and holy war ( al - tawhid wa al - jihad ) , the group allegedly declared , " we announce that the tawhid and jihad group , its prince and soldiers , have pledged allegiance to the sheikh of the mujahideen osama bin laden . "	one witness at the moutasaddiq trial in germany alleged that zarqawi had not allowed monotheism and holy war to share resources with al - qaeda in the early zeroes of the 21st century .
defied	winter defied his own board and gov. gray davis when he filed a 50 - page request to remove the caps , records and interviews show .
concerted	" i do n't know how these events could have taken place without some concerted effort , " said dunn .
e-mails	the subpoenas will force those involved , including winter , to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee , and to turn over e-mails , personal calendars and memos .	he believes memos and e-mails around the time of winter 's dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues .	if you do not wish to receive such e-mails in the future or want to know more about the bbc 's email a friend service , please read our frequently asked questions .
memos	the subpoenas will force those involved , including winter , to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee , and to turn over e-mails , personal calendars and memos .	he believes memos and e-mails around the time of winter 's dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues .
maviglio	davis spokesman steve maviglio said the governor felt " betrayed " by the actions of winter .	" the governor believes it was the defining moment , when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant crisis , " maviglio said .	" the iso staff sat in a meeting with the governor 's key energy advisers with poker faces , not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact same moment , '' maviglio said .	some board members pushed to have winter removed , but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos , the governor 's spokesman maviglio said .
fishman	iso spokesman gregg fishman said dunn 's committee will find no criminal conduct .	" it was an emergency , " fishman said .
megawatt	the restrictions would drive prices as low as $ 65 per megawatt - nearly 12 times below the $ 750 per megawatt limits of seven months earlier .	prices for electricity jumped from an average of $ 249 a megawatt to $ 700 a megawatt within three days , iso records show .
beared	" they ( electricity generators ) grinned and beared the $ 750 price cap , but this new plan by iso was too much , " said dunn , whose committee has been investigating since march .
sow	" if not removed immediately , the ( iso ) price cap will sow confusion in the market , threaten reliability and stifle new investment in generating capacity , '' read one letter written by duke energy vice president william hall iii .	the countries which are giving to america to aid are a great example of the seed that america has sown through the years with other nations .
stifle	peter dale scott includes an account of how terrell 's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book cocaine politics .	" if not removed immediately , the ( iso ) price cap will sow confusion in the market , threaten reliability and stifle new investment in generating capacity , '' read one letter written by duke energy vice president william hall iii .
collusion	he said the main aim of the subpoenas will be to determine whether collusion occurred to " fix " prices , which would violate federal trade laws .
withhold	they began to withhold power from california , and on dec. 7 the iso declared its first stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .	as such , we will distribute net shares calculating the proper withholding at fair market value the day prior to notifying the transfer agent .
blackouts	they began to withhold power from california , and on dec. 7 the iso declared its first stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .
averted	they began to withhold power from california , and on dec. 7 the iso declared its first stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .
abolish	every student of political science debates how you prevent an anti-democratic force from winning a democratic election and abolishing democracy .	winter , who in his position as president and chief operating officer of the iso , submitted a 50 - page emergency request , asking federal officials to abolish the $ 250 price cap .
retrospect	" in retrospect , we should have told them , '' robinson said .
justifying	with the price caps gone , the generators filed paperwork with federal regulators justifying higher costs .	worse , the occupation has done great damage to the strength of the american military , justifying the decrease in confidence .
overcharges	dunn believes the resulting overcharges for electricity exceeded $ 30 billion .	robinson said the emergency order allowed the iso to secure refunds should overcharges for electricity be proven to federal officials .	a team of san diego 's best anti-trust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the electric generators and marketers in california state court in an effort to return the electricity overcharges that have battered san diego and the rest of california this year .
californians	robinson said the filing - granted two hours after the request - helped rather than hurt californians .	" terry said he made that filing in the interest of californians , but i find that argument has no basis in fact . ''
skyrocketing	instead they followed the skyrocketing price of natural gas - which is used to run power plants to generate electricity .	by dumping some portion of their reserves , these countries could put the dollar under intense pressure and send u.s. interest rates skyrocketing .
smutney	jan smutney - jones , who was the iso board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generators , said winter did not consult him about eliminating the price cap .	smutney - jones also said he was unaware of anyone in the power - generating community being consulted .	" terry did this by himself , '' said smutney - jones , executive director of the independent energy producers .
transpired	what dunn 's committee hopes to learn is why all these events transpired .
resurrect	we should resurrect mike smith 's note and get him on the call in the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one .
recreating	we should resurrect mike smith 's note and get him on the call in the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one .	they either : a ) do n't want to give it to me because they do n't want me purchasing the dress elsewhere or b ) are recreating the dresses themselves ( ie stealing other designers ' dress designs and " filling the orders " by their own seamstresses ) .
udcs	my take is that the udcs will be indifferent to this ( maybe ? ) and our # 1 priority is to work to get the pg&e model adopted across the state .
sce	there was a soothing authoritative unscear ( united nations scientific committee on the effects of atomic radiation ) report in 2000 on the health effects of chernobyl confirming that there was no scientific evidence of any significant radiation - related health effects to most people exposed .	any news on how sce and sdg&e will move forward ?
sdg&e	any news on how sce and sdg&e will move forward ?
wager	i suggest a " blind draw " on the teams , best ball not scramble on the golf , and as for the wager , no emails from the losing team for one week !	and if yes , what 's the game and wager ???
montavano	as i recall , montavano , shapiro and i usually make up one team , but i 'm willing to switch around a bit .
manne	" neal s. manne " < nmanne@susmangodfrey.com >	" neal s. manne " < nmanne@susmangodfrey.com >
nmanne@susmangodfrey.com	" neal s. manne " < nmanne@susmangodfrey.com >	" neal s. manne " < nmanne@susmangodfrey.com >
11/28/2000	11/28/2000 06:16 pm	11/28/2000 03:58 pm	11/28/2000 11:34 am	11/28/2000 07:35 pm	11/28/2000 08:22 am	11/28/2000 11:25 am	11/28/2000 09:46 am	11/28/2000 09:56 pm
06:16	11/28/2000 06:16 pm
entreaty	particularly in the absence of any entreaty from them .
rnr	as i have told rnr , i think we should advise duke in writing that its ip is not in conformity with the contract , since it is in the alternative , and that our ip is hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators ( since duke clearly can not change it's ineffective ip at this stage , having already seen ours ) .
conformity	as i have told rnr , i think we should advise duke in writing that its ip is not in conformity with the contract , since it is in the alternative , and that our ip is hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators ( since duke clearly can not change it's ineffective ip at this stage , having already seen ours ) .
arbitrators	as i have told rnr , i think we should advise duke in writing that its ip is not in conformity with the contract , since it is in the alternative , and that our ip is hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators ( since duke clearly can not change it's ineffective ip at this stage , having already seen ours ) .
rance@enron	susan rance@enron
percentages	by friday december 1st , could you please tell me the percentages / amount of time you spent on east coast power during the months of october and november .
chumley	*** jason chumley - could you forward the number of contractor hours and help / remote support hours .	it - jason chumley
parra	hr - veronica parra , nedre strambler , fran mayes , felicia solis
nedre	hr - veronica parra , nedre strambler , fran mayes , felicia solis
strambler	hr - veronica parra , nedre strambler , fran mayes , felicia solis
mayes	hr - veronica parra , nedre strambler , fran mayes , felicia solis
solis	hr - veronica parra , nedre strambler , fran mayes , felicia solis
mccullough	legal - bob carter , travis mccullough , lisa mellencamp , shelia tweed , richard sanders , michelle cash
mellencamp	legal - bob carter , travis mccullough , lisa mellencamp , shelia tweed , richard sanders , michelle cash
shelia	legal - bob carter , travis mccullough , lisa mellencamp , shelia tweed , richard sanders , michelle cash
deffner	corporate finance - joe deffner , brain kerrigan , lewis worthy , mary perkins
kerrigan	corporate finance - joe deffner , brain kerrigan , lewis worthy , mary perkins
alford	structuring / technology - brad alford , chris coffman , bill keeney
coffman	structuring / technology - brad alford , chris coffman , bill keeney
keeney	structuring / technology - brad alford , chris coffman , bill keeney
hooser	steve van hooser
11:34	11/28/2000 11:34 am
h.	if i can get a few minutes with mark h. today , i 'm going to propose that i speak to stan klimberg about getting this signed before thursday 's meeting with lipa .	it 's a western scene by a guy named w.h.s. koerner called ' a charge to keep . '
klimberg	if i can get a few minutes with mark h. today , i 'm going to propose that i speak to stan klimberg about getting this signed before thursday 's meeting with lipa .
lipa	if i can get a few minutes with mark h. today , i 'm going to propose that i speak to stan klimberg about getting this signed before thursday 's meeting with lipa .
blaine@enron_development	michelle blaine@enron_development
07:35	11/28/2000 07:35 pm
actins	justin , i have no knowledge of any bad faith actins enron has pending in texas but i will call richard sanders who manages domestic litgation here .
litgation	justin , i have no knowledge of any bad faith actins enron has pending in texas but i will call richard sanders who manages domestic litgation here .
insurers	richard do you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in texas or are you aware of any enron has filed ??
beachcrofts	( c ) are you happy with the draft letter to beachcrofts i sent you ?
dpc	if you got the chance today , i should be really grateful if one of you could give me a call to discuss this issue ; i think we should set out dpc 's position clearly on this in correspondence without too much delay .
montgomery@enron	russell montgomery@enron
08:22	11/28/2000 08:22 am
3-5297	russ 3-5297
brianp@aiglincoln.com	brianp@aiglincoln.com
rsjacobs@encoreacq.com	rob jacobs < rsjacobs@encoreacq.com >
11:25	11/28/2000 11:25 am
kinga	have you heard if the kinga has had little brian ii yet ?
harass	also , remind me of patterson 's email , so i can harass him directly .	even the small navy that iran puts to sea is capable enough to harass shipping , and several cases of small boat operations against oil well heads in the gulf during that period made it clear small asymmetrical tactics of the iranian navy could be quite effective . "
chanukah	hope your pre chanukah planning is going well .
c.dtf	- c.dtf
williams@enron_development	robert c williams@enron_development
09:46	11/28/2000 09:46 am
atty	patty lee corporate tax x35172 eb 1774	patty	patty lee corporate tax x35172 eb 1774	patty	patty snyder	i am sending you a letter from their atty .	i am sending you a letter from their atty .	you will have to cover the wire flooring like you said , and make fleece covers for the stairs , so no ratty feet get caught and broken .	michael l. beatty & associates , pc ; # 10461 , # 10469 & # 10468 dated 5/28/00 .	if the px comes back again , i will call their in - house attys .
11/27/2000	11/27/2000 10:25 am	11/27/2000 10:25 am
10:25	11/27/2000 10:25 am	11/27/2000 10:25 am
3,202.61	we did receive a payment for $ 3,202.61 on 11-20-2000 .	we did receive a payment for $ 3,202.61 on 11-20-2000 .
11-20-2000	we did receive a payment for $ 3,202.61 on 11-20-2000 .	we did receive a payment for $ 3,202.61 on 11-20-2000 .
nuria_r_ibarra@calpx.com	nuria_r_ibarra@calpx.com on 04/28/2000 11:15:11 am
04/28/2000	nuria_r_ibarra@calpx.com on 04/28/2000 11:15:11 am
11:15:11	nuria_r_ibarra@calpx.com on 04/28/2000 11:15:11 am
gillman	the attached letter is being sent to you from patricia gillman .
4_28_00.doc	( see attached file : sanders letter 4_28_00.doc )	- sanders letter 4_28_00.doc
09:56	11/28/2000 09:56 pm
melanie.gray@weil.com	melanie.gray@weil.com
11/13/2000	11/13/2000 03:43 pm
03:43	11/13/2000 03:43 pm
pleadings	i passed along to liz austin your request regarding pleadings a&k has filed setting forth the trustee 's position in connection with the enforcement / nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the trustee is seeking .	i have my paralegal gathering the pleadings enron requested .
a&k	i passed along to liz austin your request regarding pleadings a&k has filed setting forth the trustee 's position in connection with the enforcement / nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the trustee is seeking .
nonenforcement	i passed along to liz austin your request regarding pleadings a&k has filed setting forth the trustee 's position in connection with the enforcement / nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the trustee is seeking .
oppositon	the trustee 's oppositon papers are now due nov 27 and enron reply is due dec 1 .
**********	******************************************************************	******************************************************************	********** note **********	***********************************	******************************** notice *************************************	************************************************	************************************************	******************* internet email confidentiality footer *******************
713-546-5000	if you have received this communication in error , please immediately notify us by telephone ( 713-546-5000 ) , and destroy the original message .
strathmann	" gerry strathmann " < gstrathmann@mediaone.net >	gerry strathmann ecommerce group american arbitration association ( 978 ) 376-9004 303-294-4499
gstrathmann@mediaone.net	" gerry strathmann " < gstrathmann@mediaone.net >
02:19	11/08/2000 02:19 pm
ecommerce	we are still very interested in having enron support our ecommerce dispute management protocol .?	i am a member of the design group that has been developing the american arbitration association 's dispute management systems and services for ecommerce b2b transactions .?	gerry strathmann ecommerce group american arbitration association ( 978 ) 376-9004 303-294-4499
pitney	we have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as at&t , duke energy , pitney bowes and daimler chrysler , and i would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts .?
bowes	we have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as at&t , duke energy , pitney bowes and daimler chrysler , and i would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts .?
daimler	we have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as at&t , duke energy , pitney bowes and daimler chrysler , and i would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts .?
aspirational	the real purpose of my call , however , is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the protocol .
b2b	i am a member of the design group that has been developing the american arbitration association 's dispute management systems and services for ecommerce b2b transactions .?	the real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in b2b marketplaces .?	media , software , fun and games , website design , web promotion , b2b , business promotion , search engine optimization .
validate	at this time we are putting together small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offerings .
refine	another alternative is to give murphy barrels at their 95,000 bpd meraux , louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrels .	at this time we are putting together small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offerings .	the gall of it all is that bush is stumping for more money to build more refineries , when what he should do is pour money into making the us independent of opec or crude oil all together .	in texas , bp shut its 460,000 barrels per day refinery and marathon shut its 72,000 bpd plant .	valero said it was reducing rates at its 243,000 bpd texas city refinery and its 85,000 bpd houston refinery .	last month , katrina devastated refineries in louisiana and mississippi and sent prices to a record high of 70.85 dollars a barrel .
cross-functional	ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance , legal , and operations so that we get good cross-functional feedback about our services .?
marketplaces	the real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in b2b marketplaces .?
978-376-9004	please let me know what is possible , and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions ( 978-376-9004 ) .
->	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->	-> gerry	---->===}*{===<----	---->===}*{===<----
376-9004	please let me know what is possible , and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions ( 978-376-9004 ) .	gerry strathmann ecommerce group american arbitration association ( 978 ) 376-9004 303-294-4499
303-294-4499	gerry strathmann ecommerce group american arbitration association ( 978 ) 376-9004 303-294-4499
09:52	11/29/2000 09:52 am
palmer@enron	mark palmer@enron
10:45	11/29/2000 10:45 am
jason.leopold@dowjones.com	" leopold , jason " < jason.leopold@dowjones.com >
10:40	11/29/2000 10:40 am
energyphiles	hello energyphiles :
anti-trust	a team of san diego 's best anti-trust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the electric generators and marketers in california state court in an effort to return the electricity overcharges that have battered san diego and the rest of california this year .
b/t	where : 550 west c st. ( b/t columbia & india ) suite 1810 law offices of levine , steinberg , miller & huver 619-231-9449
steinberg	where : 550 west c st. ( b/t columbia & india ) suite 1810 law offices of levine , steinberg , miller & huver 619-231-9449
huver	where : 550 west c st. ( b/t columbia & india ) suite 1810 law offices of levine , steinberg , miller & huver 619-231-9449
619-231-9449	where : 550 west c st. ( b/t columbia & india ) suite 1810 law offices of levine , steinberg , miller & huver 619-231-9449
ucan	ucan 's executive director and the attorney team will be available to answer questions about the complaint .	we are hopeful that we can post the complaint to the ucan web site later today .
***********************************	******************************************************************	******************************************************************	***********************************	******************************** notice *************************************	************************************************	************************************************
shames	michael shames executive director utility consumers ' action network 1717 kettner blvd. suite 105 san diego , ca 92101 619-696-6966 mshames@ucan.org
kettner	michael shames executive director utility consumers ' action network 1717 kettner blvd. suite 105 san diego , ca 92101 619-696-6966 mshames@ucan.org
blvd.	michael shames executive director utility consumers ' action network 1717 kettner blvd. suite 105 san diego , ca 92101 619-696-6966 mshames@ucan.org	marvel consultants , inc. 28601 chagrin blvd. cleveland , ohio 44122 usa email : recruiters@marvelconsultants.com < mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com > phone : 216-292-2855 fax : 216-292-7207
92101	michael shames executive director utility consumers ' action network 1717 kettner blvd. suite 105 san diego , ca 92101 619-696-6966 mshames@ucan.org
619-696-6966	michael shames executive director utility consumers ' action network 1717 kettner blvd. suite 105 san diego , ca 92101 619-696-6966 mshames@ucan.org
mshames@ucan.org	michael shames executive director utility consumers ' action network 1717 kettner blvd. suite 105 san diego , ca 92101 619-696-6966 mshames@ucan.org
abomination	how can i say such an abomination , ask you ?	it came from the nation whose king enrique viii adulterated the bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom god provided a wife with six fingers as abomination ( anne boleyn ) ... once again 6 , number of the beast ....
numbing	look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating , yet they do .
trailor	look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating , yet they do .
cretins	look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating , yet they do .
procreating	look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating , yet they do .
crapfest	these are the kids who will destroy society , because of the crapfest the american family has become under the post hippie culture , you heard again .
hippie	these are the kids who will destroy society , because of the crapfest the american family has become under the post hippie culture , you heard again .	so , the bay area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long time -- caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that 's because most tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so that 's who the photographers took pictures of .
permissive	and this is a direct result of the politically correct , permissive , time out granting bullshit liberal culture that has caused this .
noone	when you blame it all on society , there 's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up kids who are likley smoking , drinking , doing drugs , fucking the neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they 're doing .	i called and got the same runaround on hold and noone calls you back .
likley	when you blame it all on society , there 's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up kids who are likley smoking , drinking , doing drugs , fucking the neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they 're doing .
perv	and of all the people who the county is getting to find a replacement ... is none other than lee brown , the original supervisor of the atlanta pd , who was in office during the murders and the subsequent investigation .	al qaeda 's regional operative , hambali , who was at a key january 2000 meeting and supervised sufaat , has been captured .	when you blame it all on society , there 's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up kids who are likley smoking , drinking , doing drugs , fucking the neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they 're doing .	the staff was friendly , especially the front desk female supervisor , and seemed to want to help , but too many unusual things happened to make us want to stay there again .	what do you mean i am perverted ?	whatever , you 're the perverted old man .
waht	when you blame it all on society , there 's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up kids who are likley smoking , drinking , doing drugs , fucking the neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they 're doing .
brats	stop trying to pawn your brats off on others to " get a break " .
madea	you made a choice to be a mommy , you do nt get a break until they move out , that s the choice that you madea and that 's life .
segueway	another time i 'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where " mommies " get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason .
mommies	another time i 'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where " mommies " get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason .
childcare	another time i 'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where " mommies " get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason .
insidious	this is the insidious conspiracy i call " mommism " .
mommism	this is the insidious conspiracy i call " mommism " .
http://www.newsday.com/news/opinion/ny-vpnasa054135614feb05,0,5979821.story?coll=ny-editorials-headlines	[ http://www.newsday.com/news/opinion/ny-vpnasa054135614feb05,0,5979821.story?coll=ny-editorials-headlines ]
newsday.com	( newsday.com )
giddy	now , nasa engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with " go " fever as the tentative date for the first launch since the columbia disaster approaches .
puffing	the most important question is n't whether discovery is technically ready to fly with new safety features and emergency procedures , but whether the agency itself has learned from the crucial errors most common to challenger and columbia , errors that grew out of a management culture that discouraged criticism and sacrificed safety for image - puffing and budget - cutting .
shuttles	maybe one day they will allow space tourism , ( hopefully that will be in the near future ) although i would recommend that nasa build new shuttles instead of trying to preserve the older ones .	nasa intends upon retiring the space shuttles in 2010 , which only leaves it with 18 flights towards the iss .	nasa is planning on using these new shuttles to replace the current models , with industry forecasters predicting a launch as early as 2014 .
tackling	clearly , the agency has worked hard at tackling the technical challenges posed by a superb and surprisingly independent - minded investigative panel .
hunks	the other is a new fuel tank " guaranteed " by nasa not to shed potentially fatal hunks of insulation .
redefine	but let s hope for their sake ( and the sake of all space lovers out there ) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again .
rekindle	but let s hope for their sake ( and the sake of all space lovers out there ) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again .
selah	selah .	selah !	selah !	selah !	selah !
nook	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 am	well i recently bought the nook color , and i have to say that i am very happy with it .	when i found out them came up with the nook tablet , i was pretty disappointed though , because i bought my nook color for the same darn price !	so i say you should go for the more updated nook tablet .	judging by nook tablet 's processor it 's supposed to be quite faster !	basically nook tablet it has more memory , better battery life and a better processor and a microphone .	ereader tablet comparison ; b & n nook tablet , b & n nook color , kindle fire , htc flyer	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 3/9/2005 11:16:00 pm	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 11/16/2005 08:36:00 am	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 12/26/2004 10:46:08 pm	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 9/26/2005 08:14:00 pm	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 11/20/2004 03:10:35 pm	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/14/2005 07:03:00 pm	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/15/2005 05:12:00 pm	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 8/30/2005 09:36:00 pm
2/7/2005	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 am
01:09:32	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 am
orwell	there are numerous other examples of such orwellian nomenclature , used every day not only by terror chiefs but also by western media .	in george orwell 's influential novel " 1984 " doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as " war is peace " .
doublethink	in george orwell 's influential novel " 1984 " doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as " war is peace " .
totalitarian	in george orwell 's influential novel " 1984 " doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as " war is peace " .
irreconcilable	in george orwell 's influential novel " 1984 " doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as " war is peace " .
duality	i see the merit in flowing with duality .
cherished	one of my most cherished dualities is the understanding that we are both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our personal destinies and at the same time we are all one , that there is no separation between you and i , we are all together in this thing called life , we human beings , the birds and the tress , the rocks and the sky , all of it .
dualities	one of my most cherished dualities is the understanding that we are both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our personal destinies and at the same time we are all one , that there is no separation between you and i , we are all together in this thing called life , we human beings , the birds and the tress , the rocks and the sky , all of it .
destinies	one of my most cherished dualities is the understanding that we are both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our personal destinies and at the same time we are all one , that there is no separation between you and i , we are all together in this thing called life , we human beings , the birds and the tress , the rocks and the sky , all of it .
tress	one of my most cherished dualities is the understanding that we are both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our personal destinies and at the same time we are all one , that there is no separation between you and i , we are all together in this thing called life , we human beings , the birds and the tress , the rocks and the sky , all of it .	he stressed , however , that nasa would not follow this week 's chinese mission through formal channels .	he and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress .	antichrist john lennon wanted to compete with jesus christ , and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of christ together with yoko ono at the amsterdam hilton hotel proclaiming " peace " , being then when he was visited by the canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of " the ballad of john and yoko " : " the way things are going , they 're going to crucify me ... " , the curse of god upon john lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made lennon give the interview to the " rolling stone " magazine ( today condensed in the " lennon remembers " book ) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming " whatever is up there " for it ( referring to god ) .	changing its surroundings too often will stress it out and it will get depressed , mean , sick , or will not want to be around you .	the canadian regenesis actress mayko nguyen has japanese connection or is it her fake name ?	firstly , your hammie was not stressed out , he wanted attention .	the service was ok , our waitress kept forgetting our drinks even though we reminded her several times .	my experience with them was great - low stress , very helpful and very personal .	i was a waitress for years and a key rule is to serve customers with small children before others , as i was the last to get my food .	before treatment , my food cravings were " out of control " which caused me to be stressed out .	i experienced a definite decrease in food craving ( about 50 % ) and decrease in stress after the 1st treatment .	however , the bartenders / waitresses definately need to be re-trained ( if they ever had any to begin with ) and learn two things : only chat with customers when other customers are not impatiently waiting and to look around more often to see if people are waiting .	the food was good , and so was our waitress .	this can tend to be a stressful experience in itself let alone adding crossing boarders for the first time .	please pass my appreciation to the staff and management for their excellent hospitality and good spirits as it helped make a stressful trip enjoyable .	they either : a ) do n't want to give it to me because they do n't want me purchasing the dress elsewhere or b ) are recreating the dresses themselves ( ie stealing other designers ' dress designs and " filling the orders " by their own seamstresses ) .	sounds like your cat is stressed out .	the waitress took my name and then called me that all night .	all i can say is that elmira you are the best i ve experienced , never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you .
dischord	any major dischord and we all suffer .
synch	living out of synch with nature is the great disease , from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness .	the findings demonstrate the inhibitory network is central to controlling not only the amplitude , extent and duration of activation of recurrent excitatory cortical networks , but also the precise timing of action potentials , and , thus , network synchronization ... "
weakest	we are only as strong as our weakest , we are only as healthy as the sickest amongst us - playing sports and being in the army taught me that lesson before i was finished being a teenager .
sickest	we are only as strong as our weakest , we are only as healthy as the sickest amongst us - playing sports and being in the army taught me that lesson before i was finished being a teenager .
scorn	when the healthy treat the sick with scorn and intolerance it brings us all down .
intolerance	when the healthy treat the sick with scorn and intolerance it brings us all down .	will we choose to rise about prejudice and intolerance or go down kicking and screaming with holding on to fear and anger ?
herpes	when those lucky enough not to have herpes create a climate of shame and indignity for those of us who do , not only are they hurting us , but they are hurting themselves .
indignity	when those lucky enough not to have herpes create a climate of shame and indignity for those of us who do , not only are they hurting us , but they are hurting themselves .
healthier	no matter what progress we make as individuals in becoming healthier , we will never achieve real health until we collectively decide to create a healthier reality .	it seems like it s healthier too , but it s prolly not .
conflagration	will we choose to live in harmony with this planet or crash and burn in a conflagration of arrogance and disregard ?	all arguments that the bush administration would be insane to attack iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth .
scipio	christopher scipio homeopath / herbalist holistic viral specialist
homeopath	christopher scipio homeopath / herbalist holistic viral specialist
herbalist	christopher scipio homeopath / herbalist holistic viral specialist
holistic	christopher scipio homeopath / herbalist holistic viral specialist
downsizing	freedom from the fear of corporate downsizing ?
agel	whether you are looking for a part - time income to help pay off your debts or you are looking for the freedom offered by working from home on a full time basis , agel is the vehicle that can make that happen .	agel is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network marketing industry .	agel introduces an entirely new category of products called gelceuticals .	agel has created a new compensation structure that is truly revolutionary .	the agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it .	are you unsure of agel ?	take time to discover the unlimited possibilities with agel !	you will discover : * how to create the security of residual income ; * why agel is the best vehicle to live your dreams ; * the amazing scientific breakthrough behind the products ; * how the " quadra - plan " builds bigger bonus checks faster ; * the support system in place to help you build stronger ; and * the secret to lock in a " legacy " position !
gelceuticals	agel introduces an entirely new category of products called gelceuticals .	this proprietary gel suspension technology makes possible single serving packets of gelceuticals .
vitamins	in this delivery format , your body can immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components as the absorption of vitamins , minerals and nutrients is maximized .
maximized	in this delivery format , your body can immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components as the absorption of vitamins , minerals and nutrients is maximized .
capsules	no water needed ( as with tablets or capsules )	perfect for those with difficulty swallowing tablets or capsules
unilevel	the plan ca n't be described as a binary , a breakaway , a unilevel , or a forced matrix .
viability	what is long term viability ?	if you used to make $ 100 k and now only make $ 30 k , this is not long term viability .
quadra	you will discover : * how to create the security of residual income ; * why agel is the best vehicle to live your dreams ; * the amazing scientific breakthrough behind the products ; * how the " quadra - plan " builds bigger bonus checks faster ; * the support system in place to help you build stronger ; and * the secret to lock in a " legacy " position !
620-294-4000	620-294-4000 or 620-294-3000
620-294-3000	620-294-4000 or 620-294-3000
5107	the passcode to participate is : 5107
**	***	executive order : amendments to executive orders 11030 , 13279 , 13339 , 13381 , and 13389 , and *** revocation *** of executive order 13011 ....	******************************************************************	******************************************************************	***	*** mary perkins - could you forward the number of transactions and accounts .	*** jason chumley - could you forward the number of contractor hours and help / remote support hours .	********** note **********	***********************************	5:00 pt ** 6:00 mt ** 7:00 ct ** 8:00 et	***** directions for how to post to news groups !!! *****	**** sigh **** not trying to sound snooty or stuck up but i mean really !	cathy ****** five stars for lake forest tots .	*** update *** never mind !	she is a pure b**** !!!	also , you can call em ahead of time , and then go to pick up ur food , or have it delivered ** .	** edit : living on campus at clarkson university , i have had food delivered before .	***	******************************** notice *************************************	************************************************	************************************************	******************* internet email confidentiality footer *******************	**	have a nice day * **	**	**	** google defies us over search data **	** bbc daily e-mail **	** disclaimer **	** and i can upload my pictures and videos on the computer ( facebook )	any ice cream in nz no matter where as new zealand has the best bl**dy ice cream in the world i was in nz for a few weeks had some ice cream and really enjoyed it i will go back just to eat some ice cream
fillmore	steve fillmore 612-205-9814 620-294-1909
612-205-9814	steve fillmore 612-205-9814 620-294-1909
620-294-1909	steve fillmore 612-205-9814 620-294-1909
dharmadeva	email : " dharmadeva " < dharmad...@gmail.com >
dharmad...@gmail.com	email : " dharmadeva " < dharmad...@gmail.com >	email : dharmad...@gmail.com
namaskar	namaskar
kaoshikii	we now present the kaoshikii dance , which is excellent before and after yoga postures .	thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm ( unit being ) in its attempt to attain a link with the macrocosm ( cosmic consciousness ) .
postures	we now present the kaoshikii dance , which is excellent before and after yoga postures .
shrii	kaoshikii is a dance which was invented in 1978 by shrii shrii a'nandamu'rti .
a'nandamu'rti	kaoshikii is a dance which was invented in 1978 by shrii shrii a'nandamu'rti .
psycho-spiritual	it is a psycho-spiritual exercise and benefiting the mind by developing stamina and strength .	the important point is to develop some psycho-spiritual connection between your mind and the universal consciousness or supreme consciousness .
benefiting	it is a psycho-spiritual exercise and benefiting the mind by developing stamina and strength .
stamina	it is a psycho-spiritual exercise and benefiting the mind by developing stamina and strength .
kosa	kaoshikii comes from the sanskrit word ' kosa ' meaning shell or layer of mind .	the self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence ( kosas ) .
innermost	the self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence ( kosas ) .
kosas	the self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence ( kosas ) .
blossoming	thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm ( unit being ) in its attempt to attain a link with the macrocosm ( cosmic consciousness ) .
microcosm	thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm ( unit being ) in its attempt to attain a link with the macrocosm ( cosmic consciousness ) .
macrocosm	thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm ( unit being ) in its attempt to attain a link with the macrocosm ( cosmic consciousness ) .
mysticism	this attempt is normally referred to as mysticism .
gout	gout in the spine , neck , hands and waist will be lost .
menstruation	irregularities in menstruation will be cured .
secretions	glandular secretions will become regulated .
urethra	troubles in the bladder and urethra will be cured .
lethargy	removes lethargy .
cures	cures insomnia .	cures hysteria .	cures kidney and gall bladder troubles , gastric trouble , dyspepsia , acidity , dysentery , obesity and liver diseases .
insomnia	cures insomnia .
hopelessness	hopelessness will be lost .
potentiality	helps in self - expression and develops one 's potentiality .
hernia	spinal pain , piles , hernia , hydrocele in men , nervous pain , nervous disability will be cured .
hydrocele	spinal pain , piles , hernia , hydrocele in men , nervous pain , nervous disability will be cured .
gastric	cures kidney and gall bladder troubles , gastric trouble , dyspepsia , acidity , dysentery , obesity and liver diseases .
dyspepsia	cures kidney and gall bladder troubles , gastric trouble , dyspepsia , acidity , dysentery , obesity and liver diseases .
acidity	cures kidney and gall bladder troubles , gastric trouble , dyspepsia , acidity , dysentery , obesity and liver diseases .
dysentery	cures kidney and gall bladder troubles , gastric trouble , dyspepsia , acidity , dysentery , obesity and liver diseases .
rhythmically	the eighteen steps of the dance are done rhythmically .	imagine the tension melting away as you continue breathing rhythmically and naturally .
dhin	then to the beat of " dhin , dhin , ... , ta' , ta' " , the dancers begin their step , placing the big toe behind the heel of the other foot .	when the dancers start the step with the beat of " dhin , dhin ... " , the mental ideation should also be kept .
ta'	then to the beat of " dhin , dhin , ... , ta' , ta' " , the dancers begin their step , placing the big toe behind the heel of the other foot .
ideation	the ideation
upraised	the two hands when upraised and folded together represent : " now i am trying to establish a link with parama purus'a ( supreme consciousness ) . "
parama	the two hands when upraised and folded together represent : " now i am trying to establish a link with parama purus'a ( supreme consciousness ) . "
purus'a	the two hands when upraised and folded together represent : " now i am trying to establish a link with parama purus'a ( supreme consciousness ) . "
fulfil	this campaign season , there have been questions about whether george w. bush fulfilled his obligations to the national guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s .	they were death metal brainwashed fans , literally fulfilling the death metal paradigm , er ... morality .	ten years later your check should still be the same or greater , fulfilling the promise of long - term residual income .	the agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it .	bending to the left indicates : " i know how to fulfil your demands . "	for me it is n't about fulfillment or finding my life 's purpose in my work .	cloaking himself in yasser arafat 's legacy , abbas pledged to fulfill palestinian dreams of statehood .
quebecker	quebecker wins u.s. bravery award
baffin	a quebec man was awarded a carnegie medal for bravery on monday for saving two friends by fighting off a polar bear with a pocket knife two years ago on baffin island	dr. eric fortier , 34 , of gatineau , que. , used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on baffin island , just south of the arctic circle , to save two friends who were being mauled .	dr. fortier , an orthodontist , learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of baffin island in july 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .
fortier	dr. eric fortier , 34 , of gatineau , que. , used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on baffin island , just south of the arctic circle , to save two friends who were being mauled .	" all of the research and all of the preparation i did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the soper [ river ] valley where we were canoeing , " dr. fortier said .	dr. fortier , an orthodontist , learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of baffin island in july 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .	" their screams changed , " dr. fortier said .	dr. fortier threw a large rock at the bear , distracting it and allowing parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25 - year - old patricia doyon , who was in the same tent .	again dr. fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape .	while there was some fur and blood on the nine - centimetre blade , dr. fortier said he does n't think he hurt the bear badly .	dr. fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the soper river .	dr. fortier travelled another three kilometres by foot to seek help in the nearest settlement .	both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though mr. parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , dr. fortier said .	dr. fortier was one of 15 people to receive the carnegie medal on monday .
gatineau	dr. eric fortier , 34 , of gatineau , que. , used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on baffin island , just south of the arctic circle , to save two friends who were being mauled .
que.	dr. eric fortier , 34 , of gatineau , que. , used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on baffin island , just south of the arctic circle , to save two friends who were being mauled .
mauled	dr. eric fortier , 34 , of gatineau , que. , used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on baffin island , just south of the arctic circle , to save two friends who were being mauled .
soper	" all of the research and all of the preparation i did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the soper [ river ] valley where we were canoeing , " dr. fortier said .	dr. fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the soper river .
canoeing	" all of the research and all of the preparation i did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the soper [ river ] valley where we were canoeing , " dr. fortier said .
orthodontist	dr. fortier , an orthodontist , learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of baffin island in july 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .
frighten	it is frightening .	seeing another " columbia " incident can be quite frightening ( i woke up to it early in the morning when i was in texas ) .	the two screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31 - year - old alain parenteau .	with the death of garcia , the pursuit might cease , since such a death might frighten others from the task . >>
mauling	the two screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31 - year - old alain parenteau .
parenteau	the two screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31 - year - old alain parenteau .	the bear dwarfed the 6 - foot - 1 mr. parenteau , knocking him to the ground , he said .	dr. fortier threw a large rock at the bear , distracting it and allowing parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25 - year - old patricia doyon , who was in the same tent .	both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon , however , were bleeding badly .	both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though mr. parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , dr. fortier said .
unzipped	" i grabbed my glasses and my knife and unzipped my tent and headed out . "
dwarfed	the bear dwarfed the 6 - foot - 1 mr. parenteau , knocking him to the ground , he said .
doyon	dr. fortier threw a large rock at the bear , distracting it and allowing parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25 - year - old patricia doyon , who was in the same tent .	both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon , however , were bleeding badly .	both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though mr. parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , dr. fortier said .
centimetre	while there was some fur and blood on the nine - centimetre blade , dr. fortier said he does n't think he hurt the bear badly .	both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though mr. parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , dr. fortier said .
canoes	dr. fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the soper river .
paddled	dr. fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the soper river .
airlifted	both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though mr. parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , dr. fortier said .
gash	both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though mr. parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , dr. fortier said .
jugular	both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though mr. parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , dr. fortier said .
aug.	the other canadian recipient of the medal was ronald joseph crawford , 42 , of hamilton , who was killed aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .
assailant	mr. crawford threw several punches at the assailant before he was stabbed in the heart .
o'clock	he was three months late in filing a name for the business , and he threatened to call his company apple computers if the other colleagues did n't suggest a better name by 5 o'clock .
comp	this name was formed by using comp , for computer , and paq to denote a small integral object .
paq	this name was formed by using comp , for computer , and paq to denote a small integral object .
corel	corel	" the impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the arctic , " said acia chair robert corell .
cowpland	the name was derived from the founder 's name dr. michael cowpland .
boasting	the name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search - engine would be able to search .
googol	it was originally named ' googol ' , a word for the number represented by 1 followed by 100 zeros .
zeros	it was originally named ' googol ' , a word for the number represented by 1 followed by 100 zeros .
brin	as i read the letter , i considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it , vs. that of the mind of the man who once said " bring it on ! "	after founders - stanford graduate students sergey brin and larry page presented their project to an angel investor , they received a cheque made out to ' google '	bring some sort of magnet or small magnetic whiteboard for your door .	it 's not quite as freewheeling an environment as you 'd imagine : sergey brin has actually created a mathematical ' proof ' that the company 's self - driven research strategy , which gives employees one day a week to do research projects on their own , is a good , respectable idea .
cheque	after founders - stanford graduate students sergey brin and larry page presented their project to an angel investor , they received a cheque made out to ' google '	( participants pledged to raise at least $ 100,000 by bundling together cheques of up to $ 1,000 from friends and family .	pioneers were assigned numbers , which were included on all cheques , enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how much . )
hotmail	hotmail
accessing	founder jack smith got the idea of accessing e-mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the world .
sabeer	when sabeer bhatia came up with the business plan for the mail service , he tried all kinds of names ending in ' mail ' and finally settled for hotmail as it included the letters " html " - the programming language used to write web pages .
bhatia	when sabeer bhatia came up with the business plan for the mail service , he tried all kinds of names ending in ' mail ' and finally settled for hotmail as it included the letters " html " - the programming language used to write web pages .	- shree ghatkopar bhatia mitra mandal
uppercasing	it was initially referred to as hotmail with selective uppercasing .
hewlett	hewlett packard	bill hewlett and dave packard tossed a coin to decide whether the company they founded would be called hewlett - packard or packard - hewlett .
noyce	bob noyce and gordon moore wanted to name their new company ' moore noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of integrated electronics .
trademarked	bob noyce and gordon moore wanted to name their new company ' moore noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of integrated electronics .
kapor	mitch kapor got the name for his company from ' the lotus position ' or ' padmasana ' .	kapor used to be a teacher of transcendental meditation of maharishi mahesh yogi .
padmasana	mitch kapor got the name for his company from ' the lotus position ' or ' padmasana ' .
transcendental	kapor used to be a teacher of transcendental meditation of maharishi mahesh yogi .
maharishi	kapor used to be a teacher of transcendental meditation of maharishi mahesh yogi .
mahesh	kapor used to be a teacher of transcendental meditation of maharishi mahesh yogi .
yogi	kapor used to be a teacher of transcendental meditation of maharishi mahesh yogi .
microcomputer	coined by bill gates to represent the company that was devoted to microcomputer software .
christened	originally christened micro - soft , the ' - ' was removed later on .
galvin	founder paul galvin came up with this name when his company started manufacturing radios for cars .
victrola	the popular radio company at the time was called victrola .
oats	larry ellison and bob oats were working on a consulting project for the cia ( central intelligence agency ) .
rdbms	they kept the name oracle and created the rdbms engine .
sonus	it originated from the latin word ' sonus ' meaning sound , and ' sonny ' a slang used by americans to refer to a bright youngster .
youngster	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .	it originated from the latin word ' sonus ' meaning sound , and ' sonny ' a slang used by americans to refer to a bright youngster .
bechtolsheim	andreas bechtolsheim built a microcomputer ; vinod khosla recruited him and scott mcnealy to manufacture computers based on it , and bill joy to develop a unix - based os for the computer .
vinod	andreas bechtolsheim built a microcomputer ; vinod khosla recruited him and scott mcnealy to manufacture computers based on it , and bill joy to develop a unix - based os for the computer .
khosla	andreas bechtolsheim built a microcomputer ; vinod khosla recruited him and scott mcnealy to manufacture computers based on it , and bill joy to develop a unix - based os for the computer .
mcnealy	andreas bechtolsheim built a microcomputer ; vinod khosla recruited him and scott mcnealy to manufacture computers based on it , and bill joy to develop a unix - based os for the computer .
gulliver	the word was invented by jonathan swift and used in his book ' gulliver 's travels ' .
repulsive	it represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human .	my apartment also smells repulsive even though i am cleaning out their litter box at least once a day if not twice .
filo	yahoo! founders jerry yang and david filo selected the name because they considered themselves yahoos ...
yahoos	yahoo! founders jerry yang and david filo selected the name because they considered themselves yahoos ...
mayur...@yahoo.com	email : mayur...@yahoo.com sms : + 919819602175 web :	share your mails < mailto:mayur...@yahoo.com > mayur...@yahoo.com
919819602175	email : mayur...@yahoo.com sms : + 919819602175 web :
humanpixel	humanpixel
preorder	anyway , i tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so i missed out on 2/3 weekend events .	i have a preorder and am even considering getting a second preorder to have multiple accounts .	if i preorder a game at gamestop can someone else pick it up for me ?
2/3	anyway , i tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so i missed out on 2/3 weekend events .
febuary	oh well , i 'll get it when it comes out in febuary .
calender	rumor has feb 05 on the calender .	autumn is from mid august onwards as far as the weather goes if not officially according to the calender .
firewalls	and a good reason for starting this group .... company firewalls lol ;)
lol	and a good reason for starting this group .... company firewalls lol ;)	i did n't get to read the answers lol :(	it s not any of you lol	i guz what lol	lol they really are n't that much worse than me	lol , he has posted this so many times today already .	iw ould just stick him in the tank and let your snake have a nice hunt for once , snakes jaws detach for this sort of this thing , so why not give her a good hunt , but if you do want him knock him i d just throw him against the wall or something ,, lol i do nt know , i agree with you though throw him , haha	that 's kind of the way it goes .. lol .	( think of a balding man lol ) look for clean feathers .	they sometimes do nt get along ( you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though , two girls tend to fight a lot .	( this way the will associate your hand with food , and birds love food lol ) then i turned on the tv and watch .	anyway , so he ended up leaving one nail out of my horse s foot ( i 've never heard of a farrier doing this ) and telling me to call him in a few days ( first it was a week , then it was a few days lol ) and he 'd come back out and put it in .	ok , calm down , it 's not like he 's some stranger that came up and groped me lol .	lol they where super friendly towards us and treated us like people not walking bags of cash .	lol , last news message came out kinda weird , i was trying to browse the japanese website while i changed the text i was supposed to put up but i ran out of time so there are no real pictures yet ... but i 'll add the links soon sry .	lol !	erm ya how can i watch fair city online in england lols ?	it is a place in argentina lol	lol ... kolkata is not for sale !!!!!!	so i live in invercargill new zealand and i want to know if there are any good places to buy an ice - cream sundae from other than mc donald s lol	fill it with water :) lol	like i 'm legitimately concerned at this point ... lol
;)	and a good reason for starting this group .... company firewalls lol ;)	the rider needs to have independent hands as well , because you do not want to pull too hard on a bit like that . ;)	he 's pretty much an " i love american food , good drinks on occasion , laid back . " kind of guy . ;)	so , i waited a week to call because i was busy and i wanted to have him come out on a day when i am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)
hav	the moi in iraq is equivalent to the us fbi , so this would be like having j. edgar hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	two other dulaim leaders have been killed in the past week and a half .	( this is a largely sunni arab clan , and some sunni observers have accused shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination ; it is more likely the work of sunni arab guerrillas punishing the batawi leaders for cooperating with the dec. 15 elections . )	al - zaman : the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .	he is no longer in the dominant shiite list , the united iraqi alliance , and wo n't have many seats in the new parliament .	some 2,000 junior officers of the old baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months , something chalabi would have blocked if he could have .	if he or she did not , then they should have all the same rights as other iraqis .	my neighbourhood has been surrounded by american troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .	fedayeen are now visible on the street and they have become bolder than ever .	even the ip and icdc have abandoned the neighbourhood , and those are trained and armed , so do n't expect scared civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a helicopter or a tank does n't bomb them , and also how are american soldiers going to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians from the fedayeen ?	most people have n't gone to work the last few days , although it seems that the rest of baghdad is ' normal ' ( if you can define what normal is ) .	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .	mosques are calling for donating blood , food , and medicine for fallujah , and several convoys have already headed out for fallujah , most of them returned later though .	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .	speaking of fallujah , we have only al - jazeera to rely on for our news from there .	they have sent over their top reporter ahmed mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of al - sahhaf .	we all know what happened , but even to this day , there are many different versions and opinions on how it happened and what effect chernobyl will have on the health of people affected by the fallout .	the dramatic increase in radiation - induced thyroid cancers in children and adolescents in belarus , russia , and ukraine , which have been observed since 1991 , continues to this day .	do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......	s. and i have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years ; to see these little ones breaks the heart .	the urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming , and makes me more grateful for the blessings i have .	because the us and pakistan have managed to capture or kill about 2 / 3s of the top 25 al - qaeda commanders , the middle managers are not in close contact with al - zawahiri and bin laden .	his military intelligence has captured major figures like abu zubayda and khalid shaykh muhammad , as well as nearly 500 other al - qaeda operatives , over 400 of whom the pakistanis have turned over to the us .	but sharon 's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace , and the bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the west bank and gaza .	the americans have to put away their free - market fetishism for a while and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into iraqi households .	not only did bush not know who general pervez musharraf was , he seems to have confused coup - making with " taking office , " and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the pakistan military , then the world 's strongest supporter of the taliban , would bring " stability ! "	although musharraf did turn against the taliban after september 11 , under extreme duress from the us , elements of his military continued to support radical islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on musharraf himself .	so , one answer to bush 's charge about edwards is that if it had any merit , bush should have declined to run himself .	as the american public gradually wearies of the iraq crisis , some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the us by creating the conditions for anti-american terrorism .	it is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the shebaa farms , a sliver of syrian territory that israel annexed after the 1967 war .	the palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the israeli occupation of the gaza strip and the west bank were not driven by economic considerations .	armed militias , many staffed by former iraqi military men with substantial training and experience , have proliferated .
amoung	the graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics i have ever seen for any game and i have been gaming since the mud days .
gw	do you really think gwb , and neocons in general are representative of true followers of jesus of nazareth ?	warm greetings to all in this gw community .	we are a consortium of legit honorable guilds that was established in 1997 for di and we are now adding gw to the list of games played .	we are also a group who is looking for members for our own select guild called ulgg of gw ... which is a part of the alliance with the same name .	if you paste this in your browser , it will take you directly to our gw website .
kingel	i am lady kingel and i hail from the united legit gaming guilds of guild wars .	kingel
legit	i am lady kingel and i hail from the united legit gaming guilds of guild wars .
guilds	i am lady kingel and i hail from the united legit gaming guilds of guild wars .
ulgg	we are also a group who is looking for members for our own select guild called ulgg of gw ... which is a part of the alliance with the same name .
moreso	i wish all happy holidays , and moreso , peace on earth .
counselors	dear judges , lawyers , policemen , guards , counselors , taxpayers , et. al. ,
et.	http://www.ibiblio.org/expo/soviet.exhibit/chernobyl.html	dear judges , lawyers , policemen , guards , counselors , taxpayers , et. al. ,	complete article at : http://discountairlineticket.blogspot.com/2005/10/some-techniques-to-...	but i did find this website , www.igourmet.com , where they sell all types of sausages , including blood sausages !	email : " ian " < ian.gilb...@btinternet.com >	[ http://news.zdnet.co.uk/internet/0,39020369,39187928,00.htm ]
al.	http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html	<< pg&e gas accord ii settlement proposal 12-20-00.doc >> << proposed gas rule 27.doc >> << cos & rates workpapers for ga ii 12-20-2000 proposal.xls >>	dear judges , lawyers , policemen , guards , counselors , taxpayers , et. al. ,	email : " the cat album " < thecatal...@hotmail.com >	e-mail : memberservices@worldresortsinternational.com
downtrodden	we are the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torturing , the disenfranchised convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployed and unemployable .
dispossesed	we are the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torturing , the disenfranchised convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployed and unemployable .
torturing	we are the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torturing , the disenfranchised convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployed and unemployable .
addicts	we are the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torturing , the disenfranchised convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployed and unemployable .	the rock revolution came from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room or to a recording studio full of drug addicts , homosexuals and lunatics ( as that of george martin , ally of the beatles ) .
unemployable	we are the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torturing , the disenfranchised convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployed and unemployable .
ex-cons	we are ex-cons , uninsured , homeless , of many colors and speaking many tongues .
uninsured	we are ex-cons , uninsured , homeless , of many colors and speaking many tongues .
militarize	you who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force ?
vests	bullet - proof vests , automatic weapons , helicopters , tanks , robots ... the testosterone is oozing through the streets , more prisons , longer sentences , tighten the belt , spartan conditions , task forces , gang units , gun courts .	40,000 - number of soldiers in iraq seven months after start of the war still without interceptor vests , designed to stop a round from an ak - 47 .	$ 60 m - estimated cost of outfitting those 40,000 soldiers with interceptor vests .	em ... no ... the gates foundation mainly invests in medical research and education , that means donating now adds a tremendous value compared to donating in ten years .
oozing	bullet - proof vests , automatic weapons , helicopters , tanks , robots ... the testosterone is oozing through the streets , more prisons , longer sentences , tighten the belt , spartan conditions , task forces , gang units , gun courts .
unemployent	unemployent stays low because half the population oversees those " out of the workforce " , the dregs , the rabble , the enemy ?
dregs	unemployent stays low because half the population oversees those " out of the workforce " , the dregs , the rabble , the enemy ?
rabble	unemployent stays low because half the population oversees those " out of the workforce " , the dregs , the rabble , the enemy ?
cohesive	more like a cohesive society with a shared sense of purpose , who can identify us and them ?
gated	with these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide .	the recall of all obsf stock in early april and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated .	middle office have instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement / funding data to working capital components for all metals businesses .	we had a pretty good idea when we signed the contract that ecs would not be able to complete that by the contract start date , so we negotiated a fall back plan under which ecs is obligated to " assist [ transwestern ] in developing a manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep [ transwestern ] whole for all cost and expenses " associated with the manual system .	do you live in a gated community or gentrified neighborhood ?	long before ( september 1560 ) dr. lopez had been the personal house doctor of robert dudley and the good doctor was obligated to write the death certificate for amy robsart ( stating that she had " accidentally " fallen down the stairs ) .	6 - number of months before 11 september that cheney 's energy task force investigated iraq 's oil reserves .	i feel obligated to share this story .
gentrified	do you live in a gated community or gentrified neighborhood ?
ruts	most of us still have hope for ourselves even when stuck in the darkest dilemmas , ruts and catch - 22s .
22s	most of us still have hope for ourselves even when stuck in the darkest dilemmas , ruts and catch - 22s .
crafting	most of us believe in crafting laws and instilling order .
instilling	most of us believe in crafting laws and instilling order .
burrowed	many of us have burrowed beneath the surface to find a spiritual sense of being , an understanding force at least as powerful as those we succumbed to , and many of use would n't escape if you opened the front door .
bravely	do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now ?	my partners and i solicit your assistance in completing a transaction begun by my father , who has long been actively engaged in the extraction of petroleum in the united states of america , and bravely served his country as director of the united states central intelligence agency .
bruha	bruce reilly ( a.k.a bruha ) p.o. box 8274 cranston , ri 02920 usa
p.o.	bruce reilly ( a.k.a bruha ) p.o. box 8274 cranston , ri 02920 usa	2 ) s luest p.o. box 366 garden grove , ca 92842 usa
8274	bruce reilly ( a.k.a bruha ) p.o. box 8274 cranston , ri 02920 usa
cranston	bruce reilly ( a.k.a bruha ) p.o. box 8274 cranston , ri 02920 usa
02920	bruce reilly ( a.k.a bruha ) p.o. box 8274 cranston , ri 02920 usa
conceptualize	p.s. - i am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause .
guerilla	p.s. - i am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause .	the arvn was not having a big problem with the local vc ( the guerilla movement ) , they were being challenged by the main force vc ( which was light infantry ) and the north vietnamese army ( nva ) .
annotated	an annotated text of the bill , read the article by d. singmaster in " the mathematical intelligencer " v 7 # 2 , pp 69 - 72 .
d.	m.d. nalapat	m.d. nalapat , an expert on jihad , is professor of geopolitics at the manipal academy of higher education , india .	sploid.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction : http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php	" the prophet 's guidance , " says michael scheuer , an al - qaeda analyst who recently retired from the cia and once headed its bin laden unit , " was always , before you attack someone , warn them very clearly ... " the anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in january 1997 to newspaper branches in washington , d.c. and new york city , as well as symbolic targets .	the islamists sent letter bombs in january 1997 to newspaper offices in new york city and washington , d.c. .	we 'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to s.d. last week .	my flight gets into s.d. at at 8:35 on southwest .	( even though he has bigger things to do in d.c. , this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in texas , the repercussions could be global . )	an annotated text of the bill , read the article by d. singmaster in " the mathematical intelligencer " v 7 # 2 , pp 69 - 72 .	marlene d. hilliard	visakha industrial gases pvt. ltd. , location at google maps .	the supreme court announced its ruling today in hamdan v. rumsfeld divided along idelogical lines with john roberts abstaining due to his involvement at the d.c. circuit level and anthony kennedy joining the liberals in a 5 - 3 decision that is 185 pages long .	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail	* washington , d.c. - *
singmaster	an annotated text of the bill , read the article by d. singmaster in " the mathematical intelligencer " v 7 # 2 , pp 69 - 72 .
intelligencer	an annotated text of the bill , read the article by d. singmaster in " the mathematical intelligencer " v 7 # 2 , pp 69 - 72 .
---------------------------------------------------------------------------	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----
-----	---------	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	-----------------------------------------------	---------------------------	-------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------	--------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------	------------------------------	-----= posted via newsfeeds.com , uncensored usenet news =-----	-----== over 100,000 newsgroups - 19 different servers ! =-----	------	------	------	------	------	------	------
postings	subject : where can i get the necessary software to get a " smart " mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps ? ( e.g. , pathalias , smail , etc. )	fill in the subject , this will be the header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group , click the post message button .
comp.mail.maps	subject : where can i get the necessary software to get a " smart " mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps ? ( e.g. , pathalias , smail , etc. )
pathalias	subject : where can i get the necessary software to get a " smart " mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps ? ( e.g. , pathalias , smail , etc. )
smail	with president karzai certain to win the elections and the demotion of key former northern alliance figures such as general fahim and warlord ismail khan , there is now little reason for moderate taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former northern alliance figures if they return home .	the enhanced us presence in western afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of ismail khan , the warlord and governor of herat province last month , who was a close ally of iranian hardliners .	subject : where can i get the necessary software to get a " smart " mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps ? ( e.g. , pathalias , smail , etc. )
comp.sources.unix	there are a couple of packages available through the supporters of the comp.sources.unix archives .	if sites next to you do n't have what you want , contact your nearest comp.sources.unix archive , or the moderator .	information on archive sites , and indices of comp.sources.unix back issues are posted regularly in comp.sources.unix and comp.sources.d .
comp.sources.d	information on archive sites , and indices of comp.sources.unix back issues are posted regularly in comp.sources.unix and comp.sources.d .
usenet	this refers to the alleged scanning of all usenet traffic by the national security agency ( and possibly other intelligence organizations ) for interesting keywords .	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	-----= posted via newsfeeds.com , uncensored usenet news =-----
keywords	this refers to the alleged scanning of all usenet traffic by the national security agency ( and possibly other intelligence organizations ) for interesting keywords .
peanutjake	email : " peanutjake " < peanutjak...@usa.com >
peanutjak...@usa.com	email : " peanutjake " < peanutjak...@usa.com >
misc.consumers	groups : misc.consumers	groups : alt.consumers , ba.consumers , misc.consumers , misc.consumers.frugal-living
202.456.1414	from : george walker bush 202.456.1414 / 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461	george walker bush switchboard : 202.456.1414 comments : 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461 e-mail : presid...@whitehouse.gov
202.456.1111	from : george walker bush 202.456.1414 / 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461	george walker bush switchboard : 202.456.1414 comments : 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461 e-mail : presid...@whitehouse.gov
202.456.2461	from : george walker bush 202.456.1414 / 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461	george walker bush switchboard : 202.456.1414 comments : 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461 e-mail : presid...@whitehouse.gov
reputable	i came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence .	also , sinh cafe has been around for a long time and is very reputable .
solicit	my partners and i solicit your assistance in completing a transaction begun by my father , who has long been actively engaged in the extraction of petroleum in the united states of america , and bravely served his country as director of the united states central intelligence agency .	what we are trying to do is solicit votes for the band , in order to put them in first place .	the service is solicitous , the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out - of - place flat - screen tv playing football .	nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein .	this e-mail is never sent unsolicited .
emirate	this unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling - out with his iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of kuwait , a wholly - owned u.s. - british subsidiary .
re-secured	my father re-secured the petroleum assets of kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty - one billion u.s. dollars ( $ 61,000,000,000 ) .
61,000,000,000	my father re-secured the petroleum assets of kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty - one billion u.s. dollars ( $ 61,000,000,000 ) .
36,000,000,000	out of that cost , thirty - six billion dollars ( $ 36,000,000,000 ) were supplied by king hussein , kingdom of saudi arabia and other persian gulf monarchies , and sixteen billion dollars ( $ 16,000,000,000 ) by german and japanese partners .
monarchies	out of that cost , thirty - six billion dollars ( $ 36,000,000,000 ) were supplied by king hussein , kingdom of saudi arabia and other persian gulf monarchies , and sixteen billion dollars ( $ 16,000,000,000 ) by german and japanese partners .
16,000,000,000	out of that cost , thirty - six billion dollars ( $ 36,000,000,000 ) were supplied by king hussein , kingdom of saudi arabia and other persian gulf monarchies , and sixteen billion dollars ( $ 16,000,000,000 ) by german and japanese partners .
100,000,000,000	unfortunately , our partners from 1991 are not willing to shoulder the burden of this new venture , which in its upcoming phase may cost the sum of 100 billion to 200 billion dollars ( $ 100,000,000,000 - $ 200,000,000,000 ) , both in the initial acquisition and in long - term management .
200,000,000,000	unfortunately , our partners from 1991 are not willing to shoulder the burden of this new venture , which in its upcoming phase may cost the sum of 100 billion to 200 billion dollars ( $ 100,000,000,000 - $ 200,000,000,000 ) , both in the initial acquisition and in long - term management .
gracious	that is why my family and our colleagues are urgently seeking your gracious assistance .	the owners were entertaining and gracious .
vice-president	our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vice-president of the united states of america , richard cheney , who is an original partner in the iraq venture and former head of the halliburton oil company , and condoleeza rice , whose professional dedication to the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a chevron oil tanker after her .	" it 's not cost - effective doing station flights while at the same time focusing on getting back to the moon , " says brett alexander , vice-president of transformational space , one of the companies hoping to launch astronauts to the iss .
halliburton	our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vice-president of the united states of america , richard cheney , who is an original partner in the iraq venture and former head of the halliburton oil company , and condoleeza rice , whose professional dedication to the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a chevron oil tanker after her .	2000 - year that cheney said his policy as ceo of halliburton oil services company was " we would n't do anything in iraq " .	$ 4.7 b - total value of contracts awarded to halliburton in iraq and afghanistan .
condoleeza	our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vice-president of the united states of america , richard cheney , who is an original partner in the iraq venture and former head of the halliburton oil company , and condoleeza rice , whose professional dedication to the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a chevron oil tanker after her .	the american - arab discrimination committee is suing condoleeza rice and donald rumsfeld , charging that they mismanaged the evacuation efforts .
chevron	our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vice-president of the united states of america , richard cheney , who is an original partner in the iraq venture and former head of the halliburton oil company , and condoleeza rice , whose professional dedication to the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a chevron oil tanker after her .	the team at bradley chevron kept my car running for well past its expected death !
beseech	i would beseech you to transfer a sum equaling ten to twenty - five percent ( 10 - 25 % ) of your yearly income to our account to aid in this important venture .
equaling	i would beseech you to transfer a sum equaling ten to twenty - five percent ( 10 - 25 % ) of your yearly income to our account to aid in this important venture .
intermediary	the internal revenue service of the united states of america will function as our trusted intermediary .	if you do not wish to co-operate in this transaction , please contact our intermediary representatives to further discuss the matter .
assuring	but i am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day .
co-operate	if you do not wish to co-operate in this transaction , please contact our intermediary representatives to further discuss the matter .
switchboard	george walker bush switchboard : 202.456.1414 comments : 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461 e-mail : presid...@whitehouse.gov
presid...@whitehouse.gov	george walker bush switchboard : 202.456.1414 comments : 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461 e-mail : presid...@whitehouse.gov
rescuers	the city mayor said rescuers were unable to retrieve the dead .
worsening	amid worsening conditions , officials plan to evacuate a new orleans stadium where up to 20,000 people took shelter .
superdome	the superdome stadium is without power , and toilets are overflowing .
overflowing	the superdome stadium is without power , and toilets are overflowing .
hollering	" we were screaming , hollering , flashing lights .
kioka	it was complete chaos , " kioka williams told the associated press news agency .
1,350	walls keeping water out of the bowl - shaped city have been breached , and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop 1,350 kg ( 3,000 lb ) sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps .
3,000	had 33,000 miles , ram 2500 3 / 4 ton , 4 x 4 , 360 magnum motor .	walls keeping water out of the bowl - shaped city have been breached , and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop 1,350 kg ( 3,000 lb ) sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps .	if iran decides to throw any or all of its 23,000 armored fighting vehicles , along with any or all of its nearly million - strong army , into the iraq fray , the situation in the middle east could become unspeakably dire .	valero said it was reducing rates at its 243,000 bpd texas city refinery and its 85,000 bpd houston refinery .	seriously , i talked this morning with tom hall and we agreed that ecogas would pay him $ 53,000 .	to summarize : enron 's pad gas will now be 3,993,310 mmbtu , instead of 4,223,000 mmbtu .
sandbags	walls keeping water out of the bowl - shaped city have been breached , and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop 1,350 kg ( 3,000 lb ) sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps .
biloxi	before the phones went , i was told [ my family in biloxi ] had lost their roof , barn , 2 oak trees and many pines and they were letting in water	harrison county in mississippi bore the brunt of hurricane katrina as it slammed into biloxi and gulfport before heading inland .	in biloxi , 30 people were reported dead in one block of flats which was hit by a 9 m ( 30 ft ) " storm surge " .
mcveigh	natalie mcveigh oakley , england
blogging	blogging katrina
nagin	new orleans mayor ray nagin said up to 80 % of the city was submerged , in some cases by waters 6 m ( 20 ft ) deep .
evacuees	the us army corps of engineers says it could take a month to clear the flood waters , and the government 's disaster relief agency has urged evacuees not to try to get back to their homes .
alastair	the bbc 's alastair leithead in new orleans says there is panic as vital supplies run out .
leithead	the bbc 's alastair leithead in new orleans says there is panic as vital supplies run out .
outbreaks	heavily armed police have been trying to impose a form of martial law to stem outbreaks of looting .
looters	while some looters are stealing non-essential goods , others are simply trying to find food and water .
non-essential	while some looters are stealing non-essential goods , others are simply trying to find food and water .
barbour	" i can only imagine that this is what hiroshima looked like 60 years ago , " said mississippi governor haley barbour after viewing the destruction from the air .
brunt	harrison county in mississippi bore the brunt of hurricane katrina as it slammed into biloxi and gulfport before heading inland .
gulfport	harrison county in mississippi bore the brunt of hurricane katrina as it slammed into biloxi and gulfport before heading inland .
creel	the town 's death toll may be " in the hundreds " , municipal spokesman vincent creel said .
mobilising	mobilising
mobilised	the us red cross has mobilised thousands of volunteers for its biggest - ever natural disaster effort and federal emergency teams are being dispatched to affected areas .
70.85	the price of crude oil on the international market hit a record $ 70.85 a barrel due to the vulnerability of oil and gas fields in the gulf of mexico .	last month , katrina devastated refineries in louisiana and mississippi and sent prices to a record high of 70.85 dollars a barrel .
yheggy	asked by : yheggy - ga	hello yheggy - ga ,	i guess if you are someone not familiar with how nasa benefits our society i can see how one might form the opinion of yheggy - ga .
2.00	list price : $ 2.00
18:32	posted : 25 oct 2004 18:32 pdt
expires	expires : 24 nov 2004 17:32 pst
17:32	expires : 24 nov 2004 17:32 pst
420072	question id : 420072
googlenut	answered by : googlenut - ga on 25 oct 2004 19:14 pdt	excellent answer googlenut .
19:14	answered by : googlenut - ga on 25 oct 2004 19:14 pdt
16.379	on september 21 , 2004 , the u.s. senate appropriations committee approved $ 16.379 billion in funding for nasa for fiscal year 2005 .	" national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) : is funded at $ 16.379 billion , an increase of $ 200 million over the fy04 enacted level , and a reduction of $ 665 million from the budget request .
fy04	" national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) : is funded at $ 16.379 billion , an increase of $ 200 million over the fy04 enacted level , and a reduction of $ 665 million from the budget request .	neighborhood reinvestment corporation ( nrc ) : is funded at $ 115 million , the same as fy04 and the budget request . "
665	his number is 860-665-2368 and e-mail address is leporjj@selectenergy.com .	" national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) : is funded at $ 16.379 billion , an increase of $ 200 million over the fy04 enacted level , and a reduction of $ 665 million from the budget request .
4.319	-- the return to flight activities for the shuttle program are funded at $ 4.319 billion , the requested level from the administration .
1.6	where does our 50 % ( the 1.65 million dollars ) show up ?	-- the international space station is funded at $ 1.6 billion .
fy05	the bill reduces iss operations by $ 120 million due to the continued reduced capability of the iss for at least half of fy05 .
cev	--- the crew exploration vehicle ( cev ) is funded at $ 268 million .
reinvestment	neighborhood reinvestment corporation ( nrc ) : is funded at $ 115 million , the same as fy04 and the budget request . "
nrc	neighborhood reinvestment corporation ( nrc ) : is funded at $ 115 million , the same as fy04 and the budget request . "
spacetoday.net	spacetoday.net
16.4	the committee voted to give nasa $ 16.4 billion in 2005 , about $ 200 million more than what the president requested and over $ 1 billion more than what house appropriators approved in july . "
clarification	if you have any questions , please request clarification prior to rating the answer .
saem_aero	from : saem_aero - ga on 26 oct 2004 18:11 pdt
18:11	from : saem_aero - ga on 26 oct 2004 18:11 pdt
webpage	you can get details about nasa spending here , from their own webpage .	also , from their own webpage , reasons why nasa is important , in a 5th grade format .
recieved	let me put it this way - if you have watched tv recently , crossed a modern bridge , flown in an airplane , recieved any form of modern medicine , did any mathematics , drove a car , used a cellular phone , etc. then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which nasa has returned to us .	seince he recieved the fluids last night he said not to worry about drinking water for at least a couple of days .	the flowers were all that i hoped they would be , i have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers i recieved from ana outshone them all .	we were expecting a great experience , when we recieved a friendly greeting by the hosts .
reaped	let me put it this way - if you have watched tv recently , crossed a modern bridge , flown in an airplane , recieved any form of modern medicine , did any mathematics , drove a car , used a cellular phone , etc. then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which nasa has returned to us .
jaqamofino	subject : re : nasa is a waste ! from : jaqamofino - ga on 26 apr 2005 06:02 pdt
06:02	subject : re : nasa is a waste ! from : jaqamofino - ga on 26 apr 2005 06:02 pdt
payers	this writer has for years regarded the best solution to the kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the indian part of the state into a hindu - majority jammu , a buddhist - dominated ladakh and the overwhelmingly muslim kashmir valley , with the third state given little of taxpayers ' money but substantial autonomy .	dear judges , lawyers , policemen , guards , counselors , taxpayers , et. al. ,	i believe that nasa is a huge waste of tax payers ' money , but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies , that i find it best not to think about it .	of course , in a perfect world , tax payers ' money would go toward some sort of national healthcare program , and housing for the homeless , but this is far from a perfect world .	i have never considered this a real problem as i travel without kids and can fend for myself , but when i had to listen to a ( non-violent ) domestic fight that lasted from 1 am to 5 am during my last stay and i found out that the front desk was unmanned during night hours , my choice was to either waste tax payers money by calling for a yet another police dispatch to this hotel , or just get over it .
wastes	i believe that nasa is a huge waste of tax payers ' money , but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies , that i find it best not to think about it .
payer	this writer has for years regarded the best solution to the kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the indian part of the state into a hindu - majority jammu , a buddhist - dominated ladakh and the overwhelmingly muslim kashmir valley , with the third state given little of taxpayers ' money but substantial autonomy .	we now have a settlement before the commission that includes ratepayer advocates , commercial and industrial customers , electric generators , marketers , shippers , independent storage providers ,? gas suppliers ,? producers , utilities , aggregators , pipeline companies , wholesale customers , municipalities , and retail mass marketers , among others .?	dear judges , lawyers , policemen , guards , counselors , taxpayers , et. al. ,	i believe that nasa is a huge waste of tax payers ' money , but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies , that i find it best not to think about it .	of course , in a perfect world , tax payers ' money would go toward some sort of national healthcare program , and housing for the homeless , but this is far from a perfect world .	i have never considered this a real problem as i travel without kids and can fend for myself , but when i had to listen to a ( non-violent ) domestic fight that lasted from 1 am to 5 am during my last stay and i found out that the front desk was unmanned during night hours , my choice was to either waste tax payers money by calling for a yet another police dispatch to this hotel , or just get over it .
monies	i believe that nasa is a huge waste of tax payers ' money , but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies , that i find it best not to think about it .	i would have had to because with the economy the way it is i ai nt haves much monies fo repairs round the house ....
nea	i also think the national endowment for the arts is a waste , but i guess i would rather see my money go to the nea than nasa .
trillions	in response to steve 's comment : do you really believe that spending trillions on space exploration over the years was the only way to invent the cellfone ?
invent	suicide murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular , if i may use this expression , only lately .	a full circularisation of inventory balances , and matching to source documentation within enron	inspection of certain of the above inventory balances , by third party inspectors , where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis	kaoshikii is a dance which was invented in 1978 by shrii shrii a'nandamu'rti .	the word was invented by jonathan swift and used in his book ' gulliver 's travels ' .	in response to steve 's comment : do you really believe that spending trillions on space exploration over the years was the only way to invent the cellfone ?	that is a term invented by online romance scammers	this is an invention of the scammers . "	they have a huge inventory .	usage of product barcodes and smooth maintenance of inventory with proper recording of transactions like sale , purchase and returns was never easy before .	that little man who thinks he invented pizza can kiss my *ss .	as we have discussed .... effective sep 13th , anita will make the adjustments to enron 's inventory and pad gas to reflect the february 26th results .
cellfone	in response to steve 's comment : do you really believe that spending trillions on space exploration over the years was the only way to invent the cellfone ?
desparate	i realize that it may sound strange , but we are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear sick friend .
actully	this is not a hoax , as so many of these emails actully are .
sponoring	in quick summary , beyond control , a local band in our area , is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out .
humanatarian	they are currently in third place , and need your help so that the prize money can be used for a humanatarian cause .
rockin	the home page for rockin on the river is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season .	please help us by logging onto the rockin on the river website at .
raiser	here are some emails we have sent , along with the flyer for the benefit fund raiser we are holding in june , just for your information .	268 number of bush - cheney fund - raisers who had earned pioneer status ( by raising $ 100,000 each ) as of march 2004 .	187 - number of bush - cheney fund - raisers who had earned ranger status ( by raising $ 200,000 each ) as of march 2004 .	i recently threw a surprise birthday party for my wife at fraiser 's .	i highly recommend fraiser 's for anyone planning a special event for friends , family or business .
prognosis	she does n't have the funds to continue without the grant , and without these treatments , her prognosis is grim .
exponentially	also encourage your recipients to forward this along to their contacts , and so on , so that the movement to help her grows exponentially .	your career opportunities will expand exponentially , and you 're likely to change jobs or positions this year .
raffle	benefit auction & raffle for abby freeman
non-hodgkin	abby freeman is our good friend who has non-hodgkin lymphoma , and she needs your help !
lymphoma	abby freeman is our good friend who has non-hodgkin lymphoma , and she needs your help !
cookin'	we 'll have four bands , and big d is cookin' ..... lots of fun and great prizes .
cuyahoga	bands , food , and prizes are sponsored by beyond control , who will be competing in the band of the year contest at the river front festival in cuyahoga falls on july 1 .
kendel	make checks payable to kendel bunnell c / o benefit for abby freeman
bunnell	make checks payable to kendel bunnell c / o benefit for abby freeman
19/11/2004	( filed : 19/11/2004 )
insatiable	china 's insatiable demand for energy is prompting fears of financial and diplomatic collisions around the globe as it seeks reliable supplies of oil from as far away as brazil and sudan .
preferably	the connection , however , lies in an order issued last year by president hu jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by america in case of conflict over taiwan .	i want to take him somewhere where there 's going to be awesome burgers / american food , atmosphere ( preferably a tavern / pub style would be nice ) , good service , and all around a great time . =)	preferably in san jose , palo alto , san francisco ..
apologised	the submarine incident was put down to a " technical error " by the chinese government , which apologised to japan .
mouthpiece	but even before the incident the people 's daily , the government mouthpiece , had commented that competition over the east china sea between the two countries was " only a prelude of the game between china and japan in the arena of international energy " .
pariah	for the united states and europe are far more concerned with the even more sensitive issues of china 's relations with " pariah states " .
darfur	in september , china threatened to veto any move to impose sanctions on sudan over the atrocities in darfur .	at that time , un secretary general kofi annan demanded steps be taken to end the ethnic violence in darfur within 48 hours .	and international donors have given only half of the relief aid that darfur needs , according to the local un officials .	so hear we are , two weeks later , after that dazzling pr display two weeks ago by powell and annan , and the situation on the ground in darfur appears basically unchanged .
oilfield	a week before , china 's second biggest state oil firm had signed a $ 70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with iran , which already supplies 13 per cent of china 's needs .
exporter	china has its own reserves of oil and natural gas and once was a net oil exporter .
polluting	its projected demand , boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generation , has contributed to the surge in the price of oil this year .	" i do not feel it has changed the us citizens which is what was needed , even now the majority want " gas " despite the fact they are polluting the world more than any other country in the world and refuse to stop , perhaps this natural disaster , which let 's face it looks like a product of global warming , will change their views , why not pick things up with your hands and walk with your legs , other people in the world do it , " gas " is not the be all and end all ! "
outbid	china is furious that japan has outbid it in their battle to determine the route of the pipeline that russia intends to build to the far east .
mandil	claude mandil , the executive director of the international energy agency in paris , said the reserves in the east china sea were hardly worth the trouble .
eurasia	eurasia group , a new york - based firm of political analysts , said its oil experts worked out that china was paying such an inflated price for its investment in brazil that the cost for the oil it ended up with was three times the market price .	" if china 's economy falters , which , in my view , appears increasingly likely , then commodity prices will plummet , and with them , the value of the assets that produce them , " jason kindopp , eurasia 's lead china analyst , said .
falters	" if china 's economy falters , which , in my view , appears increasingly likely , then commodity prices will plummet , and with them , the value of the assets that produce them , " jason kindopp , eurasia 's lead china analyst , said .
plummet	" if china 's economy falters , which , in my view , appears increasingly likely , then commodity prices will plummet , and with them , the value of the assets that produce them , " jason kindopp , eurasia 's lead china analyst , said .
kindopp	" if china 's economy falters , which , in my view , appears increasingly likely , then commodity prices will plummet , and with them , the value of the assets that produce them , " jason kindopp , eurasia 's lead china analyst , said .
wield	worse for israel , the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious grand ayatollah ali sistani , who wields enormous moral authority over iraqi shiites .	the other canadian recipient of the medal was ronald joseph crawford , 42 , of hamilton , who was killed aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .	" it marks the first time in recent years that china has promised to wield its veto power in the un security council against a petition initiated by the united states and backed by france and great britain . "	currently , the us is facing an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding small arms , shoulder - fired grenades and roadside bombs .
visualizations	visualizations as a helpful beginning technique
-----------------------------------------------	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	-----------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------	--------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------
transcendence	if you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence , try the following before moving onto the more formal method below .
visualisations	visualisations can be as useful tools , but meditation is more than that .
beginners	it is always good to stick to a formal intense meditation practice like the one for beginners described in the mp3 file that follows after the visualisations .	for more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial : http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html
visualization	visualizations as a helpful beginning technique	1 . warm sun visualization	2 . mountain visualization
quietness	with each breath , feel the muscles in your body becoming lighter and lighter , and also your external motor and sensory organs are feeling like they are withdrawing from the world into a special inner quietness .
basking	picture yourself sitting on a warm , tropical beach basking in the glow of the sun ... .	i now use a 75 watt basking or heat bulb for mine and he seems to like it	i have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35 % more light / heat and provides beneficial uva rays important to the psycholical well - being of him .	uvb and basking temp ( should be about 110 f for a baby , 95 f for an adult ) should be available for 10 - 12 hours a day .	a pacman frog will need a heat source that creates a basking temp in the upper 80's f for at least 10 - 12 hours a day .
visualize	visualize the vivid , beautiful colours of the earth ( its flowers and plants ) , the sea next to you , and the sky above you .	visualize the inside of your body bathed in the golden light , absorbing every ray and glowing as radiantly as the sun .
penetrates	as you sit above the world , the warmth of the golden sun penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and warmer .
vastness	yet , there is warmth and a familiarity with the vastness .
ideate	continue to ideate on this intense desire for your mind to merge with the that universal consciousness .
kevalam	and while doing so continue using the baba nam kevalam mantra ( breathe in with baba nam , breathe out with kevalam ) .
serenely	imagine yourself sitting on the beach serenely and restfully .
restfully	imagine yourself sitting on the beach serenely and restfully .
radiantly	visualize the inside of your body bathed in the golden light , absorbing every ray and glowing as radiantly as the sun .
swirls	a warm , gentle breeze swirls around your body and relaxes you even more .
relaxes	a warm , gentle breeze swirls around your body and relaxes you even more .
wordy	feel the meaning , do n't just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from sanskrit ( baba nam kevalam ) to an english meaning ( infinite peace and happiness ) .	whereas , trying to translate and grapple with wordy meanings is an intellectual mechanism - an analytical process .
intuitively	think internally , intuitively , not by words , of the meaning , as you 're repeating it .
grapple	whereas , trying to translate and grapple with wordy meanings is an intellectual mechanism - an analytical process .
ncrc4me	one of " ncrc4me 's " major efforts is to collect signatures for the attached " declaration of religious leaders , " which has been and will again be presented to members of the nc legislature .	i will email names and email addresses ( or postal addresses ) of signers to ncrc4me in time for their " lobby day " in raleigh on march 15 .
pro-same	a measure to amend the nc constitution to ban gay marriage was defeated last year but already has been reintroduced in the 2005 legislative session , so there is a real need for visible support for the " pro-same - gender - marriage " side of this issue .
chs	game 7 : saturday , june 23 @ 3:00 pm vs. sacramento monarchs	at its february meeting the chs vestry voted unanimously to add their names to the declaration .	furthermore , the vestry voted unanimously to invite the support of members of the chs congregation for the declaration .
vestry	at its february meeting the chs vestry voted unanimously to add their names to the declaration .	furthermore , the vestry voted unanimously to invite the support of members of the chs congregation for the declaration .	for the church of the holy spirit vestry ,
signers	i will email names and email addresses ( or postal addresses ) of signers to ncrc4me in time for their " lobby day " in raleigh on march 15 .	they either : a ) do n't want to give it to me because they do n't want me purchasing the dress elsewhere or b ) are recreating the dresses themselves ( ie stealing other designers ' dress designs and " filling the orders " by their own seamstresses ) .	somehow , since she supposedly does n't know any names of designers / dresses , after i told her the designer and dress name of the one i was comparing , she knew " exactly which dress " i was referring to and disagreed with my observation ; she said that the bodice did come as low as the one i had on .
cate	category : science > astronomy	dudley cate 828-296-8466 jodud...@aol.com	crude - oil prices rose wednesday as strengthening hurricane rita , now a category 5 storm , threatened to disrupt oil production in the gulf of mexico .	http://www.debenhams.com/women/craghoppers#catalogid=10001&lid=//productsuniverse/en_gb/product_online0y/categories%3c0productsuniverse_186610/brand_description0.000000e+000craghoppers0/categories%3c0productsuniverse_18661_186820&ps=default&sfn=categories&sfv=coats+%26amp0+jackets&storeid=10001
828-296-8466	dudley cate 828-296-8466 jodud...@aol.com
jodud...@aol.com	dudley cate 828-296-8466 jodud...@aol.com
---------------------------	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	-----------------------------------------------	---------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------	--------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------	------------------------------
necessities	the most fundamental human right , after the necessities of food , clothing and shelter , is the right to affection and the supportive love of other human beings .
posterity	this right to love and form a family is so fundamental that our united states constitution takes it for granted in its dedication to " secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity . "
affirms	the north carolina constitution likewise affirms the " inalienable rights " of human beings to " life , liberty , the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor , and the pursuit of happiness . "
inalienable	the north carolina constitution likewise affirms the " inalienable rights " of human beings to " life , liberty , the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor , and the pursuit of happiness . "
tyrants	throughout history , tyrants have known that by denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families , they can kill the spirit of those peoples .
oppressed	throughout history , tyrants have known that by denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families , they can kill the spirit of those peoples .
nurture	it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups , such as the harkat - ul - jehad - al - islami , in the port city of chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebels from india 's northeast in touch with this terrorist network .	throughout history , tyrants have known that by denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families , they can kill the spirit of those peoples .
shameful	> from the shameful history of slavery in america , the injustice of forbidding people to marry is evident as a denial of a basic human right .
interracial	the american laws forbidding interracial marriage , now struck down , were clearly discriminatory .
discriminatory	the american laws forbidding interracial marriage , now struck down , were clearly discriminatory .
inequities	denial of the status of marriage to those who would freely accept its responsibilities creates legal and economic inequities and social injustice .
affirm	sheikh naji al - abbudi , a spokesman for sistani , affirmed the claims that the grand ayatollah is backing the united iraqi coalition list .	similarly , is invoking ancient egyptian gods and goddesses a reaffirmation of an oppressive and hierarchical system ?	the north carolina constitution likewise affirms the " inalienable rights " of human beings to " life , liberty , the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor , and the pursuit of happiness . "	as concerned citizens we affirm the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marry .	we affirm freedom of conscience in this matter .	your love life will thrive for most of the year , and any relationship begun or reaffirmed in 2005 is very likely to be a lasting one .
coerce	we insist that no one , especially the state , is allowed to coerce people into marriage or bar two consenting adults , whether of the same or differing genders , from forming the family unit that lets them be more fully loving , thus more fully human .
consenting	we insist that no one , especially the state , is allowed to coerce people into marriage or bar two consenting adults , whether of the same or differing genders , from forming the family unit that lets them be more fully loving , thus more fully human .
genders	we insist that no one , especially the state , is allowed to coerce people into marriage or bar two consenting adults , whether of the same or differing genders , from forming the family unit that lets them be more fully loving , thus more fully human .
scriptural	we respect the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of our religious communities as to the scriptural , theological and liturgical issues involved .
officiate	we recognize that the state may not require religious groups to officiate at , or bless , same - gender marriages .	likewise , a denial of state civil recognition dishonors the religious convictions of those communities and clergy who officiate at , and bless , same - gender marriages .
dishonors	likewise , a denial of state civil recognition dishonors the religious convictions of those communities and clergy who officiate at , and bless , same - gender marriages .
850-748-0740	tom dempsey gulf breeze , fl 850-748-0740
mcginnis	email : bill mcginnis < bmc...@patriot.net >	rev. bill mcginnis , director http://www.loveallpeople.org and http://www.internetchurchofchrist.org	contact william mcginnis ( rev. bill mcginnis ) 1908 mt vernon ave # 2543 alexandria , va 22301 7037686710 bmc...@patriot.net
bmc...@patriot.net	email : bill mcginnis < bmc...@patriot.net >	contact william mcginnis ( rev. bill mcginnis ) 1908 mt vernon ave # 2543 alexandria , va 22301 7037686710 bmc...@patriot.net
alito	the one reason why all americans should oppose the nomination of samuel alito	as many of you may have heard , president bush has nominated a long - time federal judge named samuel alito to become the next member of the united states supreme court , to fill a vacancy created by the retirement of another member of the court .	judge samuel alito is very highly qualified by all of the normal standards used to evaluate candidates for this position :	the president is very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote , because he very much wants to have samuel alito on the supreme court , to be judging the cases bush is interested in .	that is what is about to happen with judge samuel alito , in my opinion , because he has one tragic flaw - a very serious blind spot in his thinking - which makes him completely unacceptable for the position of supreme court justice : he does not really agree with the system of " checks and balances " built into the constitution , and he is ready to start tearing it down in order to follow the " unitary executive theory , " which calls for vastly - increased presidential power at the expense of congress and the supreme court .	but samuel alito believes in a little - known constitutional theory - called the " unitary executive theory " - which says that the president should have complete control over the executive branch , and that the executive branch should be in charge of almost everything that the government actually does , including the functions of the independent agencies which were designed to be free of presidential control , and the military , which exists , which is regulated , and which is funded by specific authority given by the constitution to congress , not to the president .
http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt	a copy of the constitution , with links back to the official source , is located at http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt
encyclopedic	he has encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of different supreme court cases , and he can recite details from memory .
recite	he has encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of different supreme court cases , and he can recite details from memory .
courteous	he demonstrates an excellent " judicial temperament , " being courteous , mild - mannered , respectful of all people ; careful in his work , meticulous in detail .	rude , insensitive , discourteous people !!!!!	i do n't live in lake st. louis anymore , but deliveries were always correct and the service courteous .	very affordable ( do n't call it cheap ) and their trimmers were quick and courteous when i got home from work .	wait staff is always ready to help if you ca n't decide ( which happens every time for me d / t the huge menu of rolls ) and always courteous !
mannered	he demonstrates an excellent " judicial temperament , " being courteous , mild - mannered , respectful of all people ; careful in his work , meticulous in detail .
meticulous	he demonstrates an excellent " judicial temperament , " being courteous , mild - mannered , respectful of all people ; careful in his work , meticulous in detail .	you are meticulous in your work and it shows in my smile .	they are professional , knowledgeable , and take meticulous care and pride in accomplishing their work .
outnumber	but other people do like the way they think he will vote , and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him .
jan.	so now the senate is getting ready to vote soon , on whether to approve him or not ; and at this moment ( evening of jan. 27 , 2006 ) it looks like he has more than the fifty - one votes needed for approval .	on jan. 31 , oregon federal district court judge robert e. jones appeared to agree with them .	interim palestinian leader and the front - runner in the upcoming jan. 9 , 2005 presidential election mahmoud abbas talks during his first official campaign speech in the west bank town of ramallah , saturday dec. 25 , 2004 .
repent	there is an old saying that applies in this situation : " act in haste , repent at leisure . "
unrestrained	and the president becomes a dictator , unrestrained by anything in the constitution , backed up by the armed forces , which would be entirely under his personal control .
http://judiciary.senate.gov/testimony.cfm?id=1725&wit_id=4905	testimony at http://judiciary.senate.gov/testimony.cfm?id=1725&wit_id=4905
http://www.unitaryexecutive.net	descriptions and links at http://www.unitaryexecutive.net
http://www.loveallpeople.org	rev. bill mcginnis , director http://www.loveallpeople.org and http://www.internetchurchofchrist.org
http://www.internetchurchofchrist.org	rev. bill mcginnis , director http://www.loveallpeople.org and http://www.internetchurchofchrist.org
http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.html	http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.html and http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.txt
http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.txt	http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.html and http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.txt
2543	contact william mcginnis ( rev. bill mcginnis ) 1908 mt vernon ave # 2543 alexandria , va 22301 7037686710 bmc...@patriot.net
22301	contact william mcginnis ( rev. bill mcginnis ) 1908 mt vernon ave # 2543 alexandria , va 22301 7037686710 bmc...@patriot.net
7037686710	contact william mcginnis ( rev. bill mcginnis ) 1908 mt vernon ave # 2543 alexandria , va 22301 7037686710 bmc...@patriot.net
gleaned	some strategies being used by nasa & company in relation to china and other space planning countries are mentioned here after being gleaned from a news item underneath .
numero	country has an independent strategy = nasa & company to use " numero uno " strategy , try to assert , beat , mesh and control the space program of the country .
thawed	country not open or not have fixed strategy = nasa & company to use " freeze thawed " strategy especially when the country has a challenging , growing and ambitious space program .	the freeze thawed some after yang 's 2003 mission .	just my opinion here - no judgement - getting your snake on frozen / thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in the long run .	i have tried feeding him 5 or 6 live pinkies and 4 or 5 frozen ( thawed ) pinkies .	i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .
dependant	dependant = nasa & company to use " space station " model to unify the aims of different countries .
unify	dependant = nasa & company to use " space station " model to unify the aims of different countries .
spaceflight	china launches its second manned spaceflight mission	[ http://www.newscientistspace.com/article.ns?id=dn8293&feedid=human-spaceflight_atom03 ]	" nasa will initiate development of a crew launch vehicle derived from space shuttle solid rocket boosters with a new upper stage for human spaceflight , " said the letter , signed by nasa administrator mike griffin and the pentagon 's top space official , ex-astronaut ron sega ...
carreau	by mark carreau
shenzhou	china launched shenzhou vi , its second manned spacecraft , early today in northwest china 's gansu province .	the crew of the shenzhou vi spacecraft was identified as fei junlong , 40 , and nie haishen , 41 , by china 's official news agency .
gansu	china launched shenzhou vi , its second manned spacecraft , early today in northwest china 's gansu province .
hurtling	a pair of military pilots embarked on china 's second manned space flight early today , hurtling into orbit on a test mission that could span five days .
junlong	the crew of the shenzhou vi spacecraft was identified as fei junlong , 40 , and nie haishen , 41 , by china 's official news agency .
nie	the crew of the shenzhou vi spacecraft was identified as fei junlong , 40 , and nie haishen , 41 , by china 's official news agency .	the flight of fei and nie could mark the end of the opening chapter in a three - phase chinese space initiative , johnson - freese said .
haishen	the crew of the shenzhou vi spacecraft was identified as fei junlong , 40 , and nie haishen , 41 , by china 's official news agency .
jiuquan	the successful launch from the jiuquan satellite launch center in northwest china follows the solo flight of yang liwei in october 2003 .
liwei	the successful launch from the jiuquan satellite launch center in northwest china follows the solo flight of yang liwei in october 2003 .
spacefaring	his one - day mission vaulted his communist homeland into the elite circle of spacefaring nations - russia and the united states - that can launch and sustain humans in space .
freese	china 's " is not a fly - by - night program , " said joan johnson - freese , an expert on national security who follows space developments in the asian nation at the naval war college in newport , r.i .	they want a program that will be a success , " johnson - freese said .	the flight of fei and nie could mark the end of the opening chapter in a three - phase chinese space initiative , johnson - freese said .
r.i	china 's " is not a fly - by - night program , " said joan johnson - freese , an expert on national security who follows space developments in the asian nation at the naval war college in newport , r.i .
determiner	economics will be a big determiner in the speed of their program . "
roundtable	china was among 30 nations invited to send a delegate to nasa - sponsored roundtable discussions on bush 's strategy to reach the moon with astronauts as the first step in the exploration of mars and other - deep space destinations .
applaud	" we applaud china 's space achievements , " nasa spokesman allard beutel said tuesday .
allard	" we applaud china 's space achievements , " nasa spokesman allard beutel said tuesday .
beutel	" we applaud china 's space achievements , " nasa spokesman allard beutel said tuesday .	at present , there are no plans for additional meetings with foreign powers to discuss the bush exploration initiative or to extend an invitation to china to join the space station partnership , beutel said .
multi-compartment	the first phase , she said , will demonstrate the capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to earth .
fliers	the first phase , she said , will demonstrate the capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to earth .
spacewalks	the chinese program 's second phase will include spacewalks on future missions and demonstrations of docking and undocking techniques .
undocking	the chinese program 's second phase will include spacewalks on future missions and demonstrations of docking and undocking techniques .
e.	- sample.doc	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste	subject : where can i get the necessary software to get a " smart " mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps ? ( e.g. , pathalias , smail , etc. )	" the americans would be wise to plan accordingly , " said john e. pike , director of the alexandria , va. - based globalsecurity.org , a small national security think tank .	on jan. 31 , oregon federal district court judge robert e. jones appeared to agree with them .	according to linda bilmes of harvard and nobel laureate joseph e. stiglitz of columbia university , the final cost of the iraq occupation will run between $ 1 trillion and $ 2 trillion , surpassing by orders of magnitude the estimates put forth by the bush administration .	e.g .	i.e. the davis administration wants to place all direct access advocates in the position of having to justify why each and every party should be the exception to the suspension rather than have a general rule concerning how direct access should work for all parties .	r. e. glenn	hilary e. ackermann goldman sachs credit risk management & advisory phone : 212-902-3724 fax : 212-428-1181 e-mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com	hilary e. ackermann goldman sachs credit risk management & advisory phone : 212-902-3724 fax : 212-428-1181 e-mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com	my new address will be : mary hain senior regulatory counsel iso new england inc.one sullivan road holyoke , ma 01040-2841 ( 413 ) 535-4000 mhain@iso-ne.com	" our new lunar transportation system utilizes a unique architecture that will establish the equivalent of a two - way highway between the earth and the moon , " kistler told space.com .
va.	" the americans would be wise to plan accordingly , " said john e. pike , director of the alexandria , va. - based globalsecurity.org , a small national security think tank .
globalsecurity.org	" the americans would be wise to plan accordingly , " said john e. pike , director of the alexandria , va. - based globalsecurity.org , a small national security think tank .
hainan	pike 's concern is based on china 's development of a new medium - lift rocket , the long march v , and the construction of a new space launch complex on hainan island in the south china sea .
mark.carr...@chron.com	mark.carr...@chron.com
righter	email : " righter " < righ...@sonic.net >
righ...@sonic.net	email : " righter " < righ...@sonic.net >
alt.animals.rights.promotion	groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards
alt.animals	groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.crab , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum , alt.animals.dolphins , alt.animals.eagle.bald , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.falcon	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits	groups : alt.animals.cat	groups : alt.animals.cat	groups : alt.animals.cat	groups : alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , talk.politics.animals	followup - to : alt.animals	groups : alt.animals.cat	groups : alt.animals.cat
alt.animals.cat	groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.crab , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum , alt.animals.dolphins , alt.animals.eagle.bald , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.falcon	groups : alt.animals.cat	groups : alt.animals.cat	groups : alt.animals.cat	groups : alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , talk.politics.animals	groups : alt.animals.cat	groups : alt.animals.cat
alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian	groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.crab , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum , alt.animals.dolphins , alt.animals.eagle.bald , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.falcon	groups : alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , talk.politics.animals
alt.animals.lion	groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards
alt.animals.tiger	groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards
alt.animals.felines.diseases	groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards
alt.animals.dog	groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.crab , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum , alt.animals.dolphins , alt.animals.eagle.bald , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.falcon
alt.animals.horses.breeding	groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards
alt.animals.felines.snowleopards	groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards
civet	recently , i read an email that reported the horrific nightmare civet cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires , so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes .	i read the civet cat story from a little while ago , and tonight , when my mom emailed me about it , i re-read it , and went to the website with the song the author of the email created .	subject : civet cats , james rachels + a song	civet cats are trapped and placed in small cages inside darkened sheds , where the temperature is kept up to 110 f by fires .	the url for the song is http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/tragicore-thecivetcat.mp3
genitals	recently , i read an email that reported the horrific nightmare civet cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires , so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes .	musk , which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive , makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application .
prolong	recently , i read an email that reported the horrific nightmare civet cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires , so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes .
perfumes	recently , i read an email that reported the horrific nightmare civet cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires , so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes .
pasted	below i pasted the email text , and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created .	i 've pasted the email for those who have n't seen or would like to re-read it .	i posted this in singles and dating too , so i 've just copied and pasted .
meowing	it has cat 's " meowing " for the vocals , and you might really find yourself in those furnaces , feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die .	well , sure enough , when i heard the cats " meowing , " i imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of god were living , what went on in their tiny , sweet little minds , and decided that i want to do something about this torture .
furnaces	it has cat 's " meowing " for the vocals , and you might really find yourself in those furnaces , feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die .
agonizing	right now , while we 're sitting at our computers enjoying the internet , those innocent , beautiful , loving cats , are dying , somewhere in this troubled world a slow , agonizing death .
emailed	i read the civet cat story from a little while ago , and tonight , when my mom emailed me about it , i re-read it , and went to the website with the song the author of the email created .	i emailed you saaaaaam .	also , i was promised to have my test results emailed to me , but it never happened , and after a few attempts to get dr. romanick on the phone to brief me on my condition , i finally gave up and went to a different doctor .	i emailed 4 times , never a response .	i even emailed mackinaw tourist and nothing .
re-read	i read the civet cat story from a little while ago , and tonight , when my mom emailed me about it , i re-read it , and went to the website with the song the author of the email created .	i 've pasted the email for those who have n't seen or would like to re-read it .
hellish	well , sure enough , when i heard the cats " meowing , " i imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of god were living , what went on in their tiny , sweet little minds , and decided that i want to do something about this torture .
holocaust-esque	i was thinking , that while i 'm sitting here , relaxing and enjoying myself , those poor innocent animals are being cooked to death with heat in those holocaust-esque death chambers .
t...@sonic.net	from : travis job < t...@sonic.net >
thu	george w. bush alleged thursday that john edwards lacks the experience necessary to be president .	the front - runner for the 2000 republican presidential nomination faltered thursday in an international affairs pop quiz posed by andy hiller , a political reporter for whdh - tv in boston .	thus far , none of the many " human rights " busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development .	thus far , none of the many " human rights " busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development .	family visits were allowed on thursday nights and fridays .	thus , the leaders in charge of al qaeda 's anthrax production program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the world trade center .	would dinner thursday work instead .	paul kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the ferc meeting that was held thursday , nov. 9th .	thursday works for me .	how about thursday , july 6 ?	the date : thursday , march 22nd , 2001	the date : thursday , march 22nd , 2001	this past thursday night our sixth grandchild was born .	___________ thursday , september 14 5:00 - 8:30 pm	michael and myself are planing to be in hoston on thursday and friday of this week .	thur. sept. 21 - arrv. london early a.m. , transfer to flight to nice	thur. sept. 28 - paris ( versailles or fontainbleu - half day side trip )	kindly confirm your availability to attend an analyst and associate recruiting meeting scheduled for thursday , july 26th at 2:00 p.m. ( 4:00 p.m. toronto time ) .	iep will be hosting a dinner for california governor gray davis on thursday , december 7 , 2000 at the historic julia morgan house in sacramento .	attached for your review are draft talking points for the cal energy markets conference i 'm speaking at on thursday in sf .	attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel i 'll be on at a cem conference in sf on thursday afternoon .	as we discussed yesterday , laird and i spoke and we think that the presentation is good to go for thursday .	board members are also invited to join in the substantive session of the disco forum on thursday , september 13 .	can we have a meeting this week ( maybe thursday at 3:30 ) to discuss this ?	preseason game b : thursday , may 24 @ 7:30 pm vs. detroit shock	game 4 : thursday , june 14 @ 7:30 pm vs. portland fire	thursday , 23rd august 3.30 pm - 5.30 pm ( eb 46c1 ) .	currently , i need three interviewers for thursday , march 1st and one interviewer for friday , march 2nd .	date : thursday , march 1st friday , march 2nd	we are planning this event for thursday , february 15 and are inviting approximately 30 candidates to be interviewed .	i am having a meeting with vicki and janet dietrich on thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in ca ( for customers already on da ) .	if i can get a few minutes with mark h. today , i 'm going to propose that i speak to stan klimberg about getting this signed before thursday 's meeting with lipa .
02:39:27	date : thu , 11 mar 2004 02:39:27 - 0800
0800	date : thu , 11 mar 2004 02:39:27 - 0800
spar	game 1 : monday , may 28 @ 2:00 pm vs. los angeles sparks	game 3 : monday , june 11 @ 7:00 pm vs. los angeles sparks	to : spar < s...@sonic.net >	other shops around this city have much nicer and more transparent owners .
s...@sonic.net	to : spar < s...@sonic.net >
rachels	subject : civet cats , james rachels + a song	i 'm not sure if any of you know much about civet cats , but to brief those who might not know , i will quote james rachels , author of world hunger and moral obligation among many other animal rights - related books and articles .	again , if anyone wants to read rachels ' entire article , let me know .
utilitarianism	( i kind of see him to be for animal rights theory as peter singer is to the theory of utilitarianism applied to non-human animals ) .
non-human	( i kind of see him to be for animal rights theory as peter singer is to the theory of utilitarianism applied to non-human animals ) .	it turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming climate is the response of the non-human natural world to changing conditions , and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global warming .	the end of the year is a time for compiling statistics - and according to the world conservation union ( iucn ) , the year 2003 has been bad news for plants and non-human animals , with many species now closer to extinction than ever before .
vegetarianism	the quote is from an article entitled " vegetarianism and ` the other weight problem ' "
sociable	the creation of an incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal best awards ) for key metals staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above stated objectives	" as an example , consider the treatment of the civet cat , a highly intelligent and sociable animal .
justifies	what justifies this extraordinary mistreatment ?
mistreatment	what justifies this extraordinary mistreatment ?
misfortune	these animals have the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfume .	this has to be some of the worst pizza i have ever had the misfortune of ordering .
musk	musk , which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive , makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application .
surv	in a bulletin , the fbi noted that the surveillance might relate to a plot to disperse a chemical or biological weapon .	it was as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that jafar the pilot studied tourist helicopters in the nyc area .	two top iraqi scientists , code named charlie and alpha , are helping the coalition to learn more about iraqi 's anthrax program , according to dr. david kay , head of the iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for wmd .	the hatfill theory -- to include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7 / 24 surveillance by 8 surveillance specialists -- is now the subject of pending civil rights and libel claims of uncertain merit .	hr , intended to be a key user of this tool , will not use backweb because survey responses can not be made anonymous .	hr has already purchased a tool called confirmit that can execute anonymous surveys .	hope you and your family survived ok .	hope you and your family survived ok .	hope you and your family survived ok .	both mr. parenteau and ms. doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though mr. parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , dr. fortier said .	emergency teams in the southern us are battling to reach survivors of hurricane katrina , the most destructive storm to hit the country in decades .	musk , which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive , makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application .	it also is likely people have released some of these animals into the wild hoping they would survive -- for instance , a ranger in glacier park caught someone in this very act not long ago .	bangs said these animals are not equipped to survive in the wild , however , and they all almost certainly have died .	76 - percentage of 215 cities surveyed by the us conference of mayors in early 2004 that had yet to receive a dime in federal homeland security assistance for their first - response units .	it s natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded .	should get some survival skills before setting out on your own .	now , people wonder if google can even survive .	as the survey cited in the above - linked article shows , most google users do n't intend to use gmail , and google is n't even as popular as yahoo! and aol .	i survived it without a problem .	did you survive the honeymoon ?	it 's impossible to understand how this place has survived .	these guys really know their stuff .. they have almost anything you could want in terms of spy and surviellance equipment .
ive	in baghdad kadhim talal husain , assistant dean at the school of education at mustansiriyah university , was assassinated with his driver in the salikh district .	everyone is apprehensive , there is some talk that april 9th and 10th are going to be bloody days .	azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by abdul aziz bin muqrin , an al - qaeda operative in saudi arabia on an islamic website ' the voice of jihad ' , in which he stated that " although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in islam , but in this case it is allowed if muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions " .	elena 's motorcycle tour through the region around chernobyl has revived interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history .	there was a soothing authoritative unscear ( united nations scientific committee on the effects of atomic radiation ) report in 2000 on the health effects of chernobyl confirming that there was no scientific evidence of any significant radiation - related health effects to most people exposed .	... a drop in the birth rate , a deterioration in women 's reproductive health , an increase in complications during pregnancy and birth , and a deterioration in neonatal health ....	the dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the chernobyl accident in all three countries - belarus , russia , and ukraine - in the post-accident period is characterized by persistent negative tendencies : the morbidity rate is going up , the number of really healthy children is dropping , and disability is increasing .	being well - informed will give you certainty and that is desirable in a world of conflicting reports .	as a child in the 50's i had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy ( primitive at best ! ) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging -- they said it was not ca but stopped the treatments ....	even a little time spent receiving wholesome , uncontaminated food , good medical care , etc. can add years to their lives .	his military intelligence has captured major figures like abu zubayda and khalid shaykh muhammad , as well as nearly 500 other al - qaeda operatives , over 400 of whom the pakistanis have turned over to the us .	but sharon 's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace , and the bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the west bank and gaza .	by moving quickly to iraqi sovereignty and improvement of iraqi lives , the us may be able to get iraqis on its side , so that they turn in the foreigners .	of course , the sooner the us soldiers can be withdrawn in favor of less - provocative local or international forces , the better .	bush was only able to give a partial response to the query on the leader of taiwan , referring to taiwanese president lee teng - hui simply as " lee . "	" further , i find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly after voicing his public opposition to the comprehensive test ban treaty .	indeed , given how bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the us , one might well argue that edwards knows more now than bush does .	this is what edwards ' campaign literature said about his positions : " edwards believes that the u.s. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts , from reducing tensions between india and pakistan to the peace process in northern ireland .	ironically , among the strongest proponents of war in iraq were israeli prime minister ariel sharon and his neoconservative supporters in the us .	it is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the shebaa farms , a sliver of syrian territory that israel annexed after the 1967 war .	the palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the israeli occupation of the gaza strip and the west bank were not driven by economic considerations .	at some points , as in the late 1980s , he reportedly made behind - the - scenes overtures to the israelis to arrive at some sort of a deal .	secular arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the palestinians , and those in post-saddam iraq are no exception .	ariel sharon 's aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied west bank and his indefinite postponement of any palestinian state have created unprecedented rage and violence .	juan cole ( www.juancole.com ) is a professor of modern middle east history at the university of michigan and author of " sacred space and holy war " ( i.b. tauris , 2002 ) .	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .	india defensive over sri lanka	according to professor s d muni , south asia expert at the jawaharal nehru university , the two - year peace talks between colombo and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) are stalemated .	and the tigers look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive , " muni told ips .	kumaratunga 's india tour preceded a three - day visit to sri lanka by norwegian foreign minister jan petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that oslo successfully brokered in february 2002 .	petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success , and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed - door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track , diplomatic sources said .	last june , an international initiative led by japan to persuade the ltte to come back to the negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer of us$ 4.5 billion .
effected	this article , and specifically this piece , effected me enough to try to build a song around the topic .	i 'm assuming this was in reference to the january earthquake , do n't worry , it was very deep , so nothing was effected :)	despite the aftershocks i would recommend going to christchurch , just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes .	he finally admitted that only the 4 ada room alarms had sounded , so only 4 guests were effected ( no big deal to him ) .
url	they have sent over their top reporter ahmed mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of al - sahhaf .	after asking me which tribe i belong to ( thus assessing my sectarian background ) he started hurling abuses at the shia , calling them persians , majoos ( fire worshippers ) , rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that i ca n't mention here .	i know it seems like a stretch , but the market for hourly traders is very strong right now .	<< compaq.com - notebook.url >>	- compaq.com - notebook.url	casinos housed in barges have been hurled onto the beach and beyond .	the url for the song is http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/tragicore-thecivetcat.mp3	in the worst - case scenario , the newly - minted american order of battle requiring the use of nuclear weapons to rescue a surrounded and imperiled force could come into play , hurling the entire planet into military and diplomatic bedlam .	one guy is a little surley , but who gives a crap as long as your car 's work is outstanding .	it was the first time i had left a salon with my hair curly .	i use queensland half - hourly price during 13 december , 1998 - 30 june 2001 giving about 44,000 price observations .	any format url ?
http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/tragicore-thecivetcat.mp3	the url for the song is http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/tragicore-thecivetcat.mp3
vegan	i was already a vegetarian when i read it a little more than a year ago , but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan .	but my wife and i first went there thinking it would be brazilian food ( think lots of meat ) , but it turned out to be a vegan restaurant !
icq	icq uin : 5249025
uin	israel owes the united states at least this much , in this crisis , to cease militarily unnecessary provocations and establish genuine peace .	in late september 2001 , it was announced that the president was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists .	despite the best efforts of it , continuing problems with the as400 application , a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports , and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that i am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to aa to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values .	the ar / ap sap data quality reviews for both businesses are continuing so as to provide a detailed analysis as at end q1 .	i want to make sure that i understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked .	will we be valuing / booking a series of monthly call options or a series of daily call options ?	what power curve are we valuing the deal against - pjm east or west hub ?	i know we talked about these issues earlier , but tiger 's lawyers want to get everything agreed in writing now so final docs can be issued for signing , even if we are the one's issuing the gtee and l/c .	icq uin : 5249025	this trickle grew into a flood , resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in yellowstone in 1995 by the u.s. fish and wildlife service -- albeit over the strong and still - continuing objections of ranchers .	pursuing a successful career , along with the usual social and financial advantages , will be easier this year than it has in a long time for you , leo !	equine collages uk need help !!!?	equine psychology	merrist wood ( i 'm there on a nvq equine course ) do hnd in equine management .	i use miracle cloth , they 're fantastic , just do n't use fabric softener or dryer sheets when cleaning them , it ruins their " grabbing " ability .	this with ruin your bond , and you probably wo n't have another chance to build one .	http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/mamble-hamster-narrow-100cm-cage-p-12642.html	http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/abode-large-metal-cage-liberta-free-delivery-p-6679.html	http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/savic-freddy-cage-free-delivery-p-6750.html	i 've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background i did n't notice at first .	from my experience hens ( not roosters ) are very friendly with duck , guinea pigs , kittens , cows , rabbits , etc .	a degu , a rat , a mouse , a hamster or a guinea pig ?	get a guinea pig .	the guinea pig is better because it s a lot larger than a hamster , rat , mouse , or degu .	so my opinion is guinea pigs .	my second favorite would have to be the guinea pig - not quite as social with people as rats ( at least mine was n't ) but more so than most hamsters or mice .	get a guinea pig .	guinea pigs ( also called cavies ) are gentle creatures and are awake during the day and sleep at night .	i do not want to have to bring them back before they are eight weeks old but they are ruining my apartment .	before tet , the war was unpopular but tolerable to the majority of americans in that the loss of american lives was seen as the cost of subduing the vc and nva .	i 'll be having my equine chiro / acupuncturist out to do some work as well if i do get him ....	when i get my hair done there , they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin your hair .
5249025	icq uin : 5249025
wigner	" note to wigner : do you think your friend could feed my cat ?
heisenberg	heisenberg was n't sure .
shrodinger	-- shrodinger "
-------------------	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	-----------------------------------------------	---------------------------	-------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------	--------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------	------------------------------
.:	.: go vegan :.
:.	.: go vegan :.
scam	this is not a scam !!!	bta only exists in the mind of scammers .	100 % scam .
pre-fabricated	i found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it : i do n't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .
pre-fab	i found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it : i do n't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .	continue pre-fab crap .
25.00	in my first week , i made about $ 25.00 .
1000.00	by the end of the second week i had made a total of more than $ 1000.00 !!
10,000.00	in the third week i had more than $ 10,000.00 and it 's still growing !!
42,000.00	this is now my fourth week and i have made a total of $ 42,000.00 and it 's still coming rapidly .
6.00	it 's certainly worth $ 6.00 and six stamps , and i have spent more than that on the lottery without ever winning !!!	and , your investment is only $ 6.00 ( plus postage ) !!!	what an opportunity for only $ 6.00 ( $ 1.00 for each of the first six people listed above )
..........	hmmmmmm ....................	let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ..........	for those who believe ....................	full name of the father is : " nguyen thanh luan " ===> full name of the son / daughter certainly is " nguyen .......... " , for instance , " nguyen thi thuy lan " .	let s be clear about this ...........	whatever you do ............... do not try to come here with out legal permission .	mixed tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad .	moral of the story : do n't drink coke .......... drink pepsi !
adhered	if all the following instructions are adhered to , you will receive extraordinary dividends .
dividends	if all the following instructions are adhered to , you will receive extraordinary dividends .	75 - percentage of americans unaffected by bush 's sweeping 2003 cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes .	$ 42,000 - average savings members of bush 's cabinet received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes .	88 - percentage of american families who will save less than $ 100 on their 2006 federal taxes as a result of 2003 cut in capital gains and dividends taxes .
1.00	now get 6 u.s. $ 1.00 bills and place one inside of each of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope ( to prevent thievery ) .	you now should have six sealed envelopes , each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase , your name and address , and a $ 1.00 bill .	what an opportunity for only $ 6.00 ( $ 1.00 for each of the first six people listed above )
thievery	now get 6 u.s. $ 1.00 bills and place one inside of each of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope ( to prevent thievery ) .
envelopes	next , place one paper in each of the six envelopes and seal them .	you now should have six sealed envelopes , each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase , your name and address , and a $ 1.00 bill .	mail the six envelopes to the following addresses :	they were sent to our second room and had been opened -- the ribbon - wrapped present , and all 3 envelopes .
!!!!	congratulations !!!!!!!	this is absolutely legal !!!! !	congratulations !!!!!!	ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated ....... thanks !!!!!!!	best place ever !!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	ten points !!!!!!!!!!?	please !!!!!!	the person who best explains this , and helps me out the best with my question will be rewarded with ten points !!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!	thank you !!!!!!!!!!!!! :d	i have never been anywhere out side my home town charlotte north carolina please help !!!!	i got so excited !!!!	it said it was in january but still !!!!	can someone please make me feel better about this trip !!!!	any answers help !!!!!!	oh and please say y one is better thx !!!!!!	they are awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	rude , insensitive , discourteous people !!!!!	awesome !!!!	this was after i brought the car !!!! !	service does not get any better !!!!	excellent , top guys a +++++ reccommend to anyone !!!!!!!!!!	my family and i thank you !!!!!!!!!!	very helpful !!!!	i highly recommend them to all of my friends !!!! !	horrible !!!! !	flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold !!!!	heaven on earthhhhhhh !!!!	i hated sushi before but now i ca nt stop eatting it !!!!!!!	their grill dishes are out ta this world and sushi is just fabulous !!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1-800-238-5355	so i checked it out with the u.s. post office ( 1-800-238-5355 ) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal !!
g.	1 ) g. burrows 1 / 264 tor st toowoomba qld 4350 australia	3 ) g. v. & a. bourret 41 broome st , # 1 brooklyn , ny 11222 usa
toowoomba	1 ) g. burrows 1 / 264 tor st toowoomba qld 4350 australia
qld	1 ) g. burrows 1 / 264 tor st toowoomba qld 4350 australia
4350	1 ) g. burrows 1 / 264 tor st toowoomba qld 4350 australia
luest	2 ) s luest p.o. box 366 garden grove , ca 92842 usa
366	please check tenn contract 36647 on the demand speadsheet .	<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>	- ld2d-#69366-1.doc	- ld2d-#69366-1.doc	2 ) s luest p.o. box 366 garden grove , ca 92842 usa
92842	2 ) s luest p.o. box 366 garden grove , ca 92842 usa
v.	3 ) g. v. & a. bourret 41 broome st , # 1 brooklyn , ny 11222 usa	so what about t.v. ?	do dogs enjoy watching t.v. ?	well , t.v. is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture .	to a dog , watching t.v. is a lot like watching and old scratchy silent film because their flicker fusion seems to occur at a rate of 70 to 80 hz .	so chances are that if your dog likes to watch t.v. , it 's probably because of the sounds .
bourret	3 ) g. v. & a. bourret 41 broome st , # 1 brooklyn , ny 11222 usa
broome	3 ) g. v. & a. bourret 41 broome st , # 1 brooklyn , ny 11222 usa
11222	3 ) g. v. & a. bourret 41 broome st , # 1 brooklyn , ny 11222 usa
ansems	4 ) r. ansems gen. foulkesstraat 5 4641 bw ossendrecht netherlands
foulkesstraat	4 ) r. ansems gen. foulkesstraat 5 4641 bw ossendrecht netherlands
4641	4 ) r. ansems gen. foulkesstraat 5 4641 bw ossendrecht netherlands
bw	4 ) r. ansems gen. foulkesstraat 5 4641 bw ossendrecht netherlands
ossendrecht	4 ) r. ansems gen. foulkesstraat 5 4641 bw ossendrecht netherlands
brumbley	5 ) w. brumbley 4632 hilton ave suite # 31 columbus , ohio 43228
4632	5 ) w. brumbley 4632 hilton ave suite # 31 columbus , ohio 43228
43228	5 ) w. brumbley 4632 hilton ave suite # 31 columbus , ohio 43228
24,000	( i think there are close to 24,000 groups )	24,000 - estimated number of premature deaths that will occur under bush 's clear skies initiative .
sec.	if you have any doubts , refer to title 18 sec. 1302 & 1341 of the postal lottery laws .
1302	if you have any doubts , refer to title 18 sec. 1302 & 1341 of the postal lottery laws .
1341	if you have any doubts , refer to title 18 sec. 1302 & 1341 of the postal lottery laws .
verifies	this verifies that you are truly providing a service .
reimbursed	so , as each post is downloaded and the directions carefully followed , all members will be reimbursed for their participation as a list developer with one dollar each .	$ 59,339 - amount the bush campaign reimbursed enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign .	i had wanted to split the total between a credit card and check card since i was being reimbursed for the tire but was told this was n't possible .
geometrically	your name will move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the # 1 position you will be receiving thousands of dollars in cash !!!
*****	******************************************************************	******************************************************************	********** note **********	***********************************	***** directions for how to post to news groups !!! *****	cathy ****** five stars for lake forest tots .	******************************** notice *************************************	************************************************	************************************************	******************* internet email confidentiality footer *******************
re-type	step one : you do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own posting .
cursor	simply put your cursor at the beginning of this letter and drag your cursor to the bottom of this document , and select ' copy ' from the edit menu .	open a blank ' notepad ' file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page .
notepad	open a blank ' notepad ' file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page .	this will paste a copy of the letter into the notepad so that you will add your name to the list .	save your new notepad file as a text file .
!!!!!!	congratulations !!!!!!!	congratulations !!!!!!	ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated ....... thanks !!!!!!!	best place ever !!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	ten points !!!!!!!!!!?	please !!!!!!	the person who best explains this , and helps me out the best with my question will be rewarded with ten points !!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!	thank you !!!!!!!!!!!!! :d	any answers help !!!!!!	oh and please say y one is better thx !!!!!!	they are awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	excellent , top guys a +++++ reccommend to anyone !!!!!!!!!!	my family and i thank you !!!!!!!!!!	i hated sushi before but now i ca nt stop eatting it !!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	juno and open i love you guys !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	you will not be disappointed !!!!!!	the next time you feel like being condescending to someone , it is not going to be me !!!!!!	real christian of you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	went to the school here over priced !!!!!!	but everyone has there own way !!!!!!	can i have some indoor pet ideas please !!!!!!!!!!!!!?	best place to sleep !!!!!!!	so go and get dancing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	go to the looking glass for all your smoking needs !!!!!!!!!!	per the memo , ena 's storage account will be reduced by 420,588 mmbtu !!!!!!	lol ... kolkata is not for sale !!!!!!	the teaching there sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	all of the teachers there are so mean they get mad at you for nothing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	this is the worst school i ve been to !!!!!!
whipple	by dan whipple	blue planet is a weekly series examining the relationship of humans to the environment , by veteran environmental reporter dan whipple .	by dan whipple
upi	boulder , co , feb. 23 ( upi ) --	" all you have to do is look at the photographs , " ed bangs , wolf recovery coordinator for the u.s. fish and wildlife service , told upi 's blue planet ,	boulder , co , nov. 15 ( upi ) --	these changes are occurring across all species , parmesan told upi 's climate .	climate is a weekly series by upi examining the impacts of global climate change .	" the bush administration is preparing its nato allies for a possible military strike against suspected nuclear sites in iran in the new year , according to german media reports , reinforcing similar earlier suggestions in the turkish media , " reported upi on december 30th .	" the berlin daily der tagesspiegel this week , " continued upi , " quoted ' nato intelligence sources ' who claimed that the nato allies had been informed that the united states is currently investigating all possibilities of bringing the mullah - led regime into line , including military options .
persistently	ever since he ate up red riding hood 's grandma and blew down the houses of two - thirds of the three little pigs , the big bad wolf has held a persistently bad reputation .
exterminated	in part because of that reputation , the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s , except for a small remnant population on isle royale national park in michigan 's lake superior .
ranchers	western sheep and cattle ranchers , on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted , gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done .	this trickle grew into a flood , resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in yellowstone in 1995 by the u.s. fish and wildlife service -- albeit over the strong and still - continuing objections of ranchers .
extermination	western sheep and cattle ranchers , on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted , gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done .
gratefully	western sheep and cattle ranchers , on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted , gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done .
dusted	western sheep and cattle ranchers , on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted , gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done .
graze	their sheep could graze , their cows could ruminate and never a discouraging word would be heard .
ruminate	their sheep could graze , their cows could ruminate and never a discouraging word would be heard .
discouraging	their sheep could graze , their cows could ruminate and never a discouraging word would be heard .	she is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .
ufos	like ufos or sasquatch , several people claimed to see fleeting lone wolves , usually in yellowstone .
sasquatch	like ufos or sasquatch , several people claimed to see fleeting lone wolves , usually in yellowstone .
caged	rumor also had it some renegade biologist brought a caged pair to yellowstone and released them into the wild sometime in the 1970s , hoping to reestablish a breeding population .
reestablish	they have also reestablished their historical links with lebanese and iranian shiites .	rumor also had it some renegade biologist brought a caged pair to yellowstone and released them into the wild sometime in the 1970s , hoping to reestablish a breeding population .
caper	if true , the caper failed .	highly recommended landscaper !!!
rehabilitate	over time , the wolf 's absence seemed to rehabilitate its image .
reintroduction	one compelling argument for reintroduction was the wolf acts as a keystone predator , an animal that affects the populations , behavior and ecology of a wide variety of species within its range .	since reintroduction , however , ripple and beschta have found , fear of the wolves apparently has discouraged the elk from spending too much time at stream banks -- where they are out in the open -- and munching on the saplings .	wolf reintroduction in the northern rockies has been so successful the fish and wildlife service has moved to reduce the animal 's status from endangered to threatened and , eventually , to remove it from the endangered species list altogether .	regarding those rumors about wolves living in yellowstone prior to the official reintroduction ?
osu	osu forestry professors william ripple and robert beschta have found that wolves actually promote stream - bank stabilization , although they have given the phenomenon the unfortunate name of " the ecology of fear " -- something that smacks of the horrible pr resulting from the wolf 's relationships with riding hood and the three pigs .
beschta	osu forestry professors william ripple and robert beschta have found that wolves actually promote stream - bank stabilization , although they have given the phenomenon the unfortunate name of " the ecology of fear " -- something that smacks of the horrible pr resulting from the wolf 's relationships with riding hood and the three pigs .	since reintroduction , however , ripple and beschta have found , fear of the wolves apparently has discouraged the elk from spending too much time at stream banks -- where they are out in the open -- and munching on the saplings .	" it may be uninteresting to a lot of people , " beschta told blue planet .
smacks	osu forestry professors william ripple and robert beschta have found that wolves actually promote stream - bank stabilization , although they have given the phenomenon the unfortunate name of " the ecology of fear " -- something that smacks of the horrible pr resulting from the wolf 's relationships with riding hood and the three pigs .
browse	if you paste this in your browser , it will take you directly to our gw website .	they explained that elk in yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams , a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion .	there has been random speculation about google developiong a new browser and / or acquiring firefox .	i have no inside information , but i have been following links today that strongly indicate that google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in firefox .	i 'm inclined to say that google is doing what they can to both shape and support the growth of the most popular non-microsoft browser out there - by taking on the leading lights in firefox development , they 're ensuring the continued life of the project , and ensuring ( not that i think they need to ) that their voice will be heard admidst the higher echelons of the firefox development team .	lol , last news message came out kinda weird , i was trying to browse the japanese website while i changed the text i was supposed to put up but i ran out of time so there are no real pictures yet ... but i 'll add the links soon sry .	please do visit us and feel free to browse the site at www.southbhamcats.org.uk
unmolested	they explained that elk in yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams , a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion .
saplings	they explained that elk in yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams , a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion .	since reintroduction , however , ripple and beschta have found , fear of the wolves apparently has discouraged the elk from spending too much time at stream banks -- where they are out in the open -- and munching on the saplings .
munching	since reintroduction , however , ripple and beschta have found , fear of the wolves apparently has discouraged the elk from spending too much time at stream banks -- where they are out in the open -- and munching on the saplings .
billiard	an area that used to be bald as a billiard ball is now a sea of willow . "	<< " i have told you , friend , " said the curate , " that this is done to divert our idle thoughts ; and as in well - ordered states games of chess , fives , and billiards are allowed for the diversion of those who do not care , or are not obliged , or are unable to work , so books of this kind are allowed to be printed , on the supposition that , what indeed is the truth , there can be nobody so ignorant as to take any of them for true stories ; >>
veritable	this simple change has triggered a veritable ecological cascade in yellowstone .
streamside	more streamside willow and aspen have meant better habitat for beaver , for instance .	but we 've been looking at streamside communities .	since wolf recovery , streamside plants , willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers , a whole variety of avian species , berry - producing shrubs that bears can use .
uninteresting	" it may be uninteresting to a lot of people , " beschta told blue planet .
willows	since wolf recovery , streamside plants , willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers , a whole variety of avian species , berry - producing shrubs that bears can use .
cottonwoods	since wolf recovery , streamside plants , willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers , a whole variety of avian species , berry - producing shrubs that bears can use .
critters	since wolf recovery , streamside plants , willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers , a whole variety of avian species , berry - producing shrubs that bears can use .	ironically sometimes it is wise to leave the newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .	however if there is a high level of sodium chloride ( common salt ) that can break down the chorion ( shell ) around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and embryo . )	ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .
beavers	since wolf recovery , streamside plants , willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers , a whole variety of avian species , berry - producing shrubs that bears can use .
avian	since wolf recovery , streamside plants , willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers , a whole variety of avian species , berry - producing shrubs that bears can use .
wildland	plants are critical to wildland ecosystems . "
generalizations	a bit of a knee - jerk reaction from me there , and i apologize for my over-generalizations .	" i 'm pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations , " however , he cautioned .
cautioned	" i 'm pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations , " however , he cautioned .
conservationists	some conservationists want the protection extended so wolves can move into other states , including colorado , utah and oregon , among others .
fws	he vacated the fws decision to downgrade the wolf 's status .
downgrade	he vacated the fws decision to downgrade the wolf 's status .
31,000	there are only about 850 wolves in the west , but there are an estimated 31,000 mountain lions .
300,000	net to eco about $ 3,300,000 ( enron 50 % share about $ 1,650,000 )	true , there are about 300,000 wolves and wolf hybrids kept as pets in the united states .
sciencem...@upi.com	e-mail : sciencem...@upi.com	e-mail sciencem...@upi.com
celsius	scientists can argue all they want about how many degrees celsius -- or fahrenheit -- the planet is warming and what the trend portends , but meanwhile earth 's plants , insects and animals are not waiting for the outcome .
fahrenheit	scientists can argue all they want about how many degrees celsius -- or fahrenheit -- the planet is warming and what the trend portends , but meanwhile earth 's plants , insects and animals are not waiting for the outcome .	the acia found arctic winter temperatures have increased 4 degrees to 7 degrees fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much in the next 100 years .	according to many scientists , the early results of global warming - 90 degree fahrenheit water temperatures in the gulf and rising sea levels - may have exacerbated the destructive power of katrina .
portends	scientists can argue all they want about how many degrees celsius -- or fahrenheit -- the planet is warming and what the trend portends , but meanwhile earth 's plants , insects and animals are not waiting for the outcome .
surest	it turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming climate is the response of the non-human natural world to changing conditions , and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global warming .
barometers	it turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming climate is the response of the non-human natural world to changing conditions , and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global warming .
biologists	it turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming climate is the response of the non-human natural world to changing conditions , and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global warming .
biosphere	it turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming climate is the response of the non-human natural world to changing conditions , and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global warming .
ecologist	nina leopold bradley , a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer aldo leopold , published a 1999 paper in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences on her 61 - year uninterrupted phenological records .
uninterrupted	nina leopold bradley , a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer aldo leopold , published a 1999 paper in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences on her 61 - year uninterrupted phenological records .
phenological	nina leopold bradley , a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer aldo leopold , published a 1999 paper in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences on her 61 - year uninterrupted phenological records .
phenology	phenology studies an organism 's development and life cycle -- the pulse of life .
phenophases	bradley 's record of 300 phenophases found that even prior to 1999 , spring was arriving in higher latitudes several weeks earlier than in the earlier years of her data .	half of the 300 phenophases leopold tracked showed a response consistent with warming .
latitudes	bradley 's record of 300 phenophases found that even prior to 1999 , spring was arriving in higher latitudes several weeks earlier than in the earlier years of her data .
migrations	birds arrived sooner on their migrations from the south and plants flowered earlier .
flowered	birds arrived sooner on their migrations from the south and plants flowered earlier .
phlox	the forest phlox is blooming in late april instead of mid-may .
blooming	the forest phlox is blooming in late april instead of mid-may .
mid-may	the forest phlox is blooming in late april instead of mid-may .
parmesan	" half of the studies provide strong evidence of a causal link between the biological change and climate change , " said camille parmesan , a university of texas - austin biologist and one of the world 's leading experts on this issue .	these changes are occurring across all species , parmesan told upi 's climate .	parmesan has spent much of her career studying the checkerspot butterfly , which migrates between mexico and southern california .	according to parmesan 's earlier studies , one extinction event , for instance , was triggered when a checkerspot population migrated north prematurely , relying on a warming temperature signal , then was caught in a severe snowstorm in its northern habitat .	i had the chicken parmesan dinner and my wife had the shrimp scampi dinner .
checkerspot	parmesan has spent much of her career studying the checkerspot butterfly , which migrates between mexico and southern california .	according to parmesan 's earlier studies , one extinction event , for instance , was triggered when a checkerspot population migrated north prematurely , relying on a warming temperature signal , then was caught in a severe snowstorm in its northern habitat .	the problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears , checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables .
migrates	parmesan has spent much of her career studying the checkerspot butterfly , which migrates between mexico and southern california .
extinctions	some localized extinctions already have occurred across some of its habitat .	" there have been large numbers of population extinctions in mexico and southern california in areas where the habitat is still acceptable . "
snowstorm	according to parmesan 's earlier studies , one extinction event , for instance , was triggered when a checkerspot population migrated north prematurely , relying on a warming temperature signal , then was caught in a severe snowstorm in its northern habitat .
watchers	bird and butterfly watchers are seeing many , many new species coming up from mexico and the caribbean . "
detectable	as the pew report concluded , " sufficient studies now exist to conclude that the consequences of climate change are already detectable within u.s. ecosystems . "
alaskan	the alaskan tundra , for instance , has switched from being a net sink of carbon dioxide -- absorbing and storing more carbon from the atmosphere than it releases -- to " being a net source of co2 ( releasing more carbon than is stored ) because warmer winters have allowed dead plant matter previously stored in the soil to decompose and release co2 . "	the alaskan knight
tundra	the alaskan tundra , for instance , has switched from being a net sink of carbon dioxide -- absorbing and storing more carbon from the atmosphere than it releases -- to " being a net source of co2 ( releasing more carbon than is stored ) because warmer winters have allowed dead plant matter previously stored in the soil to decompose and release co2 . "
co2	the alaskan tundra , for instance , has switched from being a net sink of carbon dioxide -- absorbing and storing more carbon from the atmosphere than it releases -- to " being a net source of co2 ( releasing more carbon than is stored ) because warmer winters have allowed dead plant matter previously stored in the soil to decompose and release co2 . "	take the mouse to an emergency vet and have them use co2 to put the mouse to sleep .
decompose	the alaskan tundra , for instance , has switched from being a net sink of carbon dioxide -- absorbing and storing more carbon from the atmosphere than it releases -- to " being a net source of co2 ( releasing more carbon than is stored ) because warmer winters have allowed dead plant matter previously stored in the soil to decompose and release co2 . "
acia	the acia -- with participation by the united states , canada , denmark , finland , iceland , norway , the russian federation and sweden -- was begun in 2000 .	" the impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the arctic , " said acia chair robert corell .	the acia found arctic winter temperatures have increased 4 degrees to 7 degrees fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much in the next 100 years .
corell	" the impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the arctic , " said acia chair robert corell .
appraisal	a third report , " the impacts of climate change : an appraisal for the future , " completed by the britain - based international policy network and released almost simultaneously with the other two , falls somewhat into that category .
ipn	on the one hand , the ipn report agreed " climate models generally predict that the temperature rises in the arctic will substantially exceed the global rise .	" the impact of global warming on fish stocks and fisheries is hard to judge , " the ipn report said .	the ipn report examines commercial fish species , but it neglects important non-commercial animals , such as seals and polar bears .
diminish	this applies especially in the high arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly increase . "
haddock	the important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming include cod , haddock , saithe , herring , blue whiting and several types of flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the norway lobster .
saithe	the important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming include cod , haddock , saithe , herring , blue whiting and several types of flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the norway lobster .
whiting	the important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming include cod , haddock , saithe , herring , blue whiting and several types of flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the norway lobster .
flatfish	the important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming include cod , haddock , saithe , herring , blue whiting and several types of flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the norway lobster .	important species that probably would decline include shrimp , capelin , greenland halibut and some varieties of flatfish .
crustaceans	the important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming include cod , haddock , saithe , herring , blue whiting and several types of flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the norway lobster .
capelin	important species that probably would decline include shrimp , capelin , greenland halibut and some varieties of flatfish .
halibut	important species that probably would decline include shrimp , capelin , greenland halibut and some varieties of flatfish .
chasms	hidden in this laundry list -- and in the pile of studies examined by the pew researchers -- is one of the fundamental chasms dividing participants in the global warming debate .
neglects	the ipn report examines commercial fish species , but it neglects important non-commercial animals , such as seals and polar bears .
non-commercial	the ipn report examines commercial fish species , but it neglects important non-commercial animals , such as seals and polar bears .	they assumed a value -- unspecified -- for non-commercial species , and in doing so rendered the warming news a bit less rosy .	if you are serious about working out in a non-commercial like atmosphere then you have chosen the best place to be .
unconsumables	the problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears , checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables .
transcend	he blended belief systems such as shamanism , christianity , buddhism , paganism , hermeticism and gnosticism and imbued coil 's vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent effect on listeners .	if you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence , try the following before moving onto the more formal method below .	the pew researchers tried to transcend the economic argument .
dandelions	" when dandelions have set the mark of may on wisconsin pastures , it is time to listen for the final proof of spring , " wrote aldo leopold in " a sand county almanac . "
almanac	" when dandelions have set the mark of may on wisconsin pastures , it is time to listen for the final proof of spring , " wrote aldo leopold in " a sand county almanac . "
tussock	" sit down on a tussock , cock your ears at the sky , dial out the bedlam of meadowlarks and redwings , and soon you may hear it : the flight of the upland plover , just now back from the argentine . "
bedlam	" sit down on a tussock , cock your ears at the sky , dial out the bedlam of meadowlarks and redwings , and soon you may hear it : the flight of the upland plover , just now back from the argentine . "	in the worst - case scenario , the newly - minted american order of battle requiring the use of nuclear weapons to rescue a surrounded and imperiled force could come into play , hurling the entire planet into military and diplomatic bedlam .
meadowlarks	" sit down on a tussock , cock your ears at the sky , dial out the bedlam of meadowlarks and redwings , and soon you may hear it : the flight of the upland plover , just now back from the argentine . "
redwings	" sit down on a tussock , cock your ears at the sky , dial out the bedlam of meadowlarks and redwings , and soon you may hear it : the flight of the upland plover , just now back from the argentine . "
plover	" sit down on a tussock , cock your ears at the sky , dial out the bedlam of meadowlarks and redwings , and soon you may hear it : the flight of the upland plover , just now back from the argentine . "
preamble	preamble from bbc leading to the comments further below .
gamut	feel free to cut and paste and leave your comments , as these viewpoints cover the entire gamut surrounding the event .
---->===}*{===<----	---->===}*{===<----	---->===}*{===<----
bashers	" as an american , i would like to take this opportunity to tell all the ' usa and bush bashers ' that i am appalled at the number of ' allies ' that are using this disaster as their podium to spread their useless opinions .	" i am frankly revolted by the response of the bush - bashers ; " sorry chaps , but you did have it coming ... "
downfalls	what you see in new orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system , a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem .
revolted	" i am frankly revolted by the response of the bush - bashers ; " sorry chaps , but you did have it coming ... "
chaps	" i am frankly revolted by the response of the bush - bashers ; " sorry chaps , but you did have it coming ... "
detractors	the plain fact is that bush has a sight more in the way of common humanity than a great many of his detractors .
juggernaut	- juggernaut >	- juggernaut >	juggernaut
windermere	-- john b , windermere , florida
communistic	yes , she and her family were delighted to leave the communistic remnants in that country .
sown	the countries which are giving to america to aid are a great example of the seed that america has sown through the years with other nations .
metroplex	you know , i 've lived in the dallas / fort worth metroplex most of my life .
vacationed	there is a lot of racial diversity in all of these places ... and i 've vacationed through the south ... visited my folks when they lived in mississippi , and where they live now and are in the racial minority being white ( less than 20 % ) in northeastern arkansas .
nashua	i did n't expect to react that way , but when i was looking around my workplace in nashua , new hampshire , and everyone else looked pretty much like me , it was really very eerie .
1.25	the 1.25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across texas will begin to populate houston , dallas , san antonio and galveston , and the surrounding areas .
populate	a large number of them are bangladeshis , who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere .	the ten degree channel divides the andamans , which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands , from the 20 or so nicobar islands in the south .	on south andaman , the most heavily populated island , is port blair , which is the capital and the only large town in the entire archipelago .	christ , you 'd think america would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots .	i suppose that it 's damn lucky for the gop that she is populated with gullible idiots .	the 1.25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across texas will begin to populate houston , dallas , san antonio and galveston , and the surrounding areas .
linna	linna
slanted	okay , i 'm new to this forum and really do n't like bush , so my view point is slanted and i admit that .
who's	what i know is that i have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in new orleans .	they work on wall street , after all , so when they hear a company who's stated goals include " do n't be evil , " they imagine a company who's eventually history will be " do n't be profitable . "
mumbo	when common sense takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become ?
jumbo	when common sense takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become ?
flogging	about 30 seconds into his address , he started flogging the terrorist issue just one more time .
mirth	ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk .
trotting	even he ca n't believe that he is trotting out this old saw again .
schtick	i guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once , you ca n't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .
resounding	i guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once , you ca n't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .
trot	even he ca n't believe that he is trotting out this old saw again .	i guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once , you ca n't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .	she seems to lope one stride and trot the next and repeat ...	put on a pair of spurs and before she makes that trot step , it 's in the feeling when you feel her think trot , tick her with the spur and lift with your body to keep her moving .	if you concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can figure it out and the timing is essential to push her at that instant .	i 'll also trot doing , down 2 beats , up one for a wile , then up 2 down 1 making sure the weight is going into the balls of my feet .	do a nice working trot , not a slow trot .	we 've always liked big long trotters that do better on mile tracks then 1 / 2 mile .	it might just be coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter turns .
shunted	meanwhile , every pocket that can be lined is golden and the poor are shunted off radar yet again .
stumping	the gall of it all is that bush is stumping for more money to build more refineries , when what he should do is pour money into making the us independent of opec or crude oil all together .
refineries	the gall of it all is that bush is stumping for more money to build more refineries , when what he should do is pour money into making the us independent of opec or crude oil all together .	last month , katrina devastated refineries in louisiana and mississippi and sent prices to a record high of 70.85 dollars a barrel .
opec	the gall of it all is that bush is stumping for more money to build more refineries , when what he should do is pour money into making the us independent of opec or crude oil all together .
touting	we have the technology ; if you are going to spend billions of dollars touting " freedom " why not spend those billions making all of us free ?
polution	free of polution , free of oil dependency , and free of big business that is bleeding us dry for the short term good ( theirs ) .
puke	i 'm sorry he makes me want to puke so i shut him off .
aries	aries in 2005 - flexibility	all aries natives may have to tighten their belts and curb their desire for constant expansion .
eloquent	you will be more eloquent and persuasive than usual , and others will identify enthusiastically with your vision .
persuasive	you will be more eloquent and persuasive than usual , and others will identify enthusiastically with your vision .
career-wise	2005 could find you doing well career-wise - and aspiring to climb even higher .
taurus	taurus in 2005 - tenacity	" diligence " is the key word for you , taurus .
tenacity	taurus in 2005 - tenacity
diligence	" diligence " is the key word for you , taurus .
aspiration	the real purpose of my call , however , is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the protocol .	with hard work and focus , you will attain at least one important aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long time .
reaping	your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end , gemini , and now you 're going to start reaping the rewards these " lessons " have left in their wake .
restful	imagine yourself sitting on the beach serenely and restfully .	enjoy the restful periods when you can .
hectic	the active ones will be hectic !	whatever be the age , you will have the choice of variety of activities to forget about your hectic day - to - day activities .
inconvenient	money may suddenly become tight at a very inconvenient time .
advancements	yet , this is no comparison to the advancements you 'll make overall , and by the end of 2005 , you 'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness .
virgo	virgo in 2005 - perseverance	your working life might not go so smoothly this year , virgo .
perseverance	virgo in 2005 - perseverance
grindstone	for much of 2005 , you 'll be putting your nose to the grindstone .
reaffirmed	your love life will thrive for most of the year , and any relationship begun or reaffirmed in 2005 is very likely to be a lasting one .
libra	libra in 2005 - expansion	flex your muscles , friend libra , and prepare for a relatively easy ride .	$ 1 m - estimated value of a painting the bush presidential library in college station , texas , received from prince bandar , saudi arabia 's ambassador to the united states and bush family friend .
beneficent	with beneficent jupiter in your sign , this is definitely your year , especially where your social life is concerned .
scorpio	scorpio in 2005 - transmutation	scorpio , you can still expect changes - perhaps major ones - in your life this year , almost to the point of total transformation .
transmutation	scorpio in 2005 - transmutation
cling	my neighbourhood has been surrounded by american troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .	bobby is a member of a bicycle team , while cycling this weekend , he and other members of his team were injured by a truck .?	during the u.s. and russian lunar race during the cold war , nasa scored an early coup by circling the moon with the apollo 8 crew over the 1968 christmas holidays .	the two developments , he said , could eventually enable china 's space program to mature to the point that experts could assemble and launch from earth 's orbit a spacecraft capable of circling the moon with astronauts and returning home .	the report also found alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storage .	do n't cling to the banks ; instead , flow with the tide in 2005 .
sagittarius	sagittarius in 2005 - empowerment
hindered	by the second half of the year , you will finally feel welcome relief from the tight financial binds that have hindered you over the past two years .
capricorn	capricorn in 2005 - resolution	you 've got plenty of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005 , friend capricorn .
wiser	at times , the pressure on your job and home life may seem unbearable , but rest assured you will come through this stronger - and wiser - than ever , as more is revealed and resolved in 2005 .
aquarius	aquarius in 2005 - magic	2005 sees you expanding your intuitive and psychic skills even more , aquarius .
brimming	2005 is bound to bring at least one major success in the love department , and your career will be brimming with new enthusiasm and innovation .
infuse	not only that , but travel , adventure , and personal expansion infuse fresh energy into all areas of your life .
pisces	pisces in 2005 - self - confidence	it 's a big year for you , friend pisces .
uranus	expect lots of surprises and lucky breaks this year , with uranus bringing the unexpected in your career , your love life , and the world in general .
windfall	at some point during the year , you could pick up a financial windfall , hear of a great career opportunity , or unexpectedly meet the love of your life .
retreats	it 's important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate , as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable .
regenerate	it 's important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate , as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable .
mayur	mayur ? < >	talk to me < ymsgr:sendim?mayursha&__hi+mayur... >
mails	get mails everyday < >	share your mails < mailto:mayur...@yahoo.com > mayur...@yahoo.com
mailto:mayur...@yahoo.com	share your mails < mailto:mayur...@yahoo.com > mayur...@yahoo.com
09819602175	sms me ... 09819602175
ymsgr:sendim?mayursha&__hi+mayur...	talk to me < ymsgr:sendim?mayursha&__hi+mayur... >
offline	[ send offline as well ]
online?u=mayursha&m=g&t=1	online?u=mayursha&m=g&t=1
-------------------------------------------------------------	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	-------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------
holinshed	the mysterious raphael holinshed was named for the mysterious neoplatonic italian painter raphael sanzio who painted _ st. george fighting the dragon _ ( 1504 - 06 )
neoplatonic	the mysterious raphael holinshed was named for the mysterious neoplatonic italian painter raphael sanzio who painted _ st. george fighting the dragon _ ( 1504 - 06 )
sanzio	the mysterious raphael holinshed was named for the mysterious neoplatonic italian painter raphael sanzio who painted _ st. george fighting the dragon _ ( 1504 - 06 )
----------------------------------------------------------------------	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------
shakspere	like william shakspere raphael ( the painter ) died on his april birthday laura & bridget 's day :
-----------------------------------------------------------------------	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------
archilochus	archilochus solar eclipse : april 6 , 648 bc friday
648	archilochus solar eclipse : april 6 , 648 bc friday	http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/130589513308?var=430034792128&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2648#ht_1500wt_660
methodius	clement 's st. methodius dies : april 6 , 884 monday
884	clement 's st. methodius dies : april 6 , 884 monday
petrarch	petrarch meets laura : april 6 , 1327 monday
1327	executive order : amendments to executive orders 11030 , 13279 , 13339 , 13381 , and 13389 , and *** revocation *** of executive order 13011 ....	petrarch meets laura : april 6 , 1327 monday
durer	durer dies : april 6 , 1528 monday
1528	durer dies : april 6 , 1528 monday
vere	bridget vere 's birth : april 6 , 1584 monday
1584	bridget vere 's birth : april 6 , 1584 monday	1584 ivan the terrible dies while starting a game of chess .	1584 lopez 's book translated into italian by tarsia and published in venice .
walsingham	sir francis walsingham dies : april 6 , 1590 monday
1590	sir francis walsingham dies : april 6 , 1590 monday	<< there were no jews in england to speak of in the 1590's .	true , but two in england that we know of were a part of the essex entourage : dr. lopez , who had been physician to essex ' step - father , the earl of leicester , had apparently treated the young essex for some socially unacceptable ailment , and antonio perez , who was a guest at essex house in the early 1590's .
1614	" native of crete " el greco dies : april 7 , 1614 monday
lucio	{ lucio : does bridget paint still , pompey , ha ?
pompey	{ lucio : does bridget paint still , pompey , ha ?
mfm	[ mfm act 3 , sc. 2 ] }
sc.	[ mfm act 3 , sc. 2 ] }
1348	laura dies of plague : april 6 , 1348 sunday
1483	raphael born : april 6 , 1483 sunday
1520	raphael dies : april 6 , 1520 good friday
hobbes	thomas hobbes ' birth : april 5 , 1588 good friday
1588	thomas hobbes ' birth : april 5 , 1588 good friday
stow	historian john stow dies : april 6 , 1605 sat / wed .
potidea	neither was this day less fortunate to his father philip ; for on the same day he took potidea ; >> - john aubrey , f.r.s.
f.r.s.	neither was this day less fortunate to his father philip ; for on the same day he took potidea ; >> - john aubrey , f.r.s.
---------------------------------------------------------------------	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------
1535	antonio perez 1535 - 1611 [ philip ii 's renegade secretary of state ]
adriana	<< in " love 's labour 's lost " we find a character don adriana de armatho , full of affection and bombast .	in the play holofernes is ridiculing don adriana " the traveler from spain " and says of him : " he is too picked , too spruce , too affected , too odd , as it were , too peregrinate , as i may call it . "
armatho	<< in " love 's labour 's lost " we find a character don adriana de armatho , full of affection and bombast .	this parody on perez ' sobriquet clearly identifies perez with armatho . >>
bombast	<< in " love 's labour 's lost " we find a character don adriana de armatho , full of affection and bombast .	a spanish refugee , antonio perez , visited england in 1593 and became acquainted with francis & anthony bacon , with whom for a time he seems to have been on terms of intimacy , which did not last very long , for the spaniard developed so much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in court circles .
1593	a spanish refugee , antonio perez , visited england in 1593 and became acquainted with francis & anthony bacon , with whom for a time he seems to have been on terms of intimacy , which did not last very long , for the spaniard developed so much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in court circles .
spaniard	a spanish refugee , antonio perez , visited england in 1593 and became acquainted with francis & anthony bacon , with whom for a time he seems to have been on terms of intimacy , which did not last very long , for the spaniard developed so much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in court circles .
affectation	a spanish refugee , antonio perez , visited england in 1593 and became acquainted with francis & anthony bacon , with whom for a time he seems to have been on terms of intimacy , which did not last very long , for the spaniard developed so much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in court circles .
1594	in 1594 perez wrote & published a book under the assumed name of " raphael peregrino . "	<< doctor roderigo lopez ( 1525 - 1594 ) was the portugese jewish doctor accused by essex of trying to poison queen elizabeth .	the 69 year old dr. lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on june 7 , 1594 at tyburn .
peregrino	in 1594 perez wrote & published a book under the assumed name of " raphael peregrino . "
holofernes	in the play holofernes is ridiculing don adriana " the traveler from spain " and says of him : " he is too picked , too spruce , too affected , too odd , as it were , too peregrinate , as i may call it . "
ridiculing	in the play holofernes is ridiculing don adriana " the traveler from spain " and says of him : " he is too picked , too spruce , too affected , too odd , as it were , too peregrinate , as i may call it . "
peregrinate	in the play holofernes is ridiculing don adriana " the traveler from spain " and says of him : " he is too picked , too spruce , too affected , too odd , as it were , too peregrinate , as i may call it . "
sobriquet	this parody on perez ' sobriquet clearly identifies perez with armatho . >>
----------------------------------------------------------------	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------
vol.	shakespeare electronic conference , vol. 6 , no. 0832 . monday , 23 october 1995 .
0832	shakespeare electronic conference , vol. 6 , no. 0832 . monday , 23 october 1995 .
mgr...@usa.pipeline.com	from : martin green < mgr...@usa.pipeline.com >
10:57:32	date : sunday , 22 oct 1995 10:57:32 - 0400
0400	date : sunday , 22 oct 1995 10:57:32 - 0400
1590's	<< there were no jews in england to speak of in the 1590's .	true , but two in england that we know of were a part of the essex entourage : dr. lopez , who had been physician to essex ' step - father , the earl of leicester , had apparently treated the young essex for some socially unacceptable ailment , and antonio perez , who was a guest at essex house in the early 1590's .
ailment	true , but two in england that we know of were a part of the essex entourage : dr. lopez , who had been physician to essex ' step - father , the earl of leicester , had apparently treated the young essex for some socially unacceptable ailment , and antonio perez , who was a guest at essex house in the early 1590's .	78 - percentage of workers at ground zero who now suffer from lung ailments .	i do n't know if vomiting blood is common with this ailment .
conversos	to be sure , both lopez & perez were conversos -- but they were thought of in england as being , as they undoubtedly were , at least ethnically , jews . >>
ethnically	to be sure , both lopez & perez were conversos -- but they were thought of in england as being , as they undoubtedly were , at least ethnically , jews . >>	so , the bay area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long time -- caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that 's because most tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so that 's who the photographers took pictures of .
roderigo	<< doctor roderigo lopez ( 1525 - 1594 ) was the portugese jewish doctor accused by essex of trying to poison queen elizabeth .
1525	<< doctor roderigo lopez ( 1525 - 1594 ) was the portugese jewish doctor accused by essex of trying to poison queen elizabeth .
portugese	<< doctor roderigo lopez ( 1525 - 1594 ) was the portugese jewish doctor accused by essex of trying to poison queen elizabeth .
summarily	the 69 year old dr. lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on june 7 , 1594 at tyburn .
quartered	the 69 year old dr. lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on june 7 , 1594 at tyburn .
tyburn	the 69 year old dr. lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on june 7 , 1594 at tyburn .
robsart	long before ( september 1560 ) dr. lopez had been the personal house doctor of robert dudley and the good doctor was obligated to write the death certificate for amy robsart ( stating that she had " accidentally " fallen down the stairs ) .
ruy	that same year ( 1560 ) a spanish priest named ruy lopez handily beat all comers at a chess tournament in rome .
handily	that same year ( 1560 ) a spanish priest named ruy lopez handily beat all comers at a chess tournament in rome .
comers	that same year ( 1560 ) a spanish priest named ruy lopez handily beat all comers at a chess tournament in rome .
1561	lopez 's 1561 book " libro de la invencion liberal y arte del juego del acedraz " became the classic on chess openings , including the one that bears his name .	1561 last time castling was 2 separate moves .	1561 ruy lopez proposes the 50 - move rule to claim a draw .	1561 ruy lopez writes his book on chess .	( alcala , 1561 )
libro	lopez 's 1561 book " libro de la invencion liberal y arte del juego del acedraz " became the classic on chess openings , including the one that bears his name .
invencion	lopez 's 1561 book " libro de la invencion liberal y arte del juego del acedraz " became the classic on chess openings , including the one that bears his name .
juego	lopez 's 1561 book " libro de la invencion liberal y arte del juego del acedraz " became the classic on chess openings , including the one that bears his name .
acedraz	lopez 's 1561 book " libro de la invencion liberal y arte del juego del acedraz " became the classic on chess openings , including the one that bears his name .
-------------------------------------------------------------------	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------
1530	passcode : 4153030	chess history 1530 - 1647	1530 lopez , ruy b. in zafra , spain .
1647	chess history 1530 - 1647	http://www.theadvocate.com/sports/story.asp?storyid=16473	http://www.theadvocate.com/sports/story.asp?storyid=16475
zafra	1530 lopez , ruy b. in zafra , spain .
1533	1533 atahualpa , inca emperor of peru , imprisoned & learns chess .
atahualpa	1533 atahualpa , inca emperor of peru , imprisoned & learns chess .
1542	1542 leonardo , giovanni ( a.k.a. il puttino / the boy ) born in calaria .
a.k.a.	1542 leonardo , giovanni ( a.k.a. il puttino / the boy ) born in calaria .
puttino	1542 leonardo , giovanni ( a.k.a. il puttino / the boy ) born in calaria .
calaria	1542 leonardo , giovanni ( a.k.a. il puttino / the boy ) born in calaria .
valdiviesco	1550 valdiviesco , don antonio de , bishop of nicaragua , assassinated while playing chess in his palace at leon .
1551	1551 ivan iv of russia bans chess .
bans	1551 ivan iv of russia bans chess .
1555	1555 castling is introduced .
castling	1555 castling is introduced .
alcala	( alcala , 1561 )
1562	1562 st teresa , a spanish reformer , includes chess in her writings .
gianutto	1570 gianutto della mantia , horatio born in italy .
mantia	1570 gianutto della mantia , horatio born in italy .
1572	1572 ruy lopez defeats several eminent players in rome .
1574	1574 boi and leonardo beat lopez & ceron in presence of phillip ii .
boi	we 've received a personal invitation to a nymex crawfish boil on april 3 at 5:00 at garden in the heights at 3926 feagan .	1574 boi and leonardo beat lopez & ceron in presence of phillip ii .	1576 boi taken prisoner , but wins his freedom playing chess .	boiled white rice and boiled chicken breast .
ceron	1574 boi and leonardo beat lopez & ceron in presence of phillip ii .
1575	1575 leonardo beats ruy lopez in madrid .	1575 after the plague of cremona , all games except chess were banned .
cremona	1575 after the plague of cremona , all games except chess were banned .
1576	http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/asin/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939	1576 boi taken prisoner , but wins his freedom playing chess .	http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/
tarsia	1584 lopez 's book translated into italian by tarsia and published in venice .
fives	<< " i have told you , friend , " said the curate , " that this is done to divert our idle thoughts ; and as in well - ordered states games of chess , fives , and billiards are allowed for the diversion of those who do not care , or are not obliged , or are unable to work , so books of this kind are allowed to be printed , on the supposition that , what indeed is the truth , there can be nobody so ignorant as to take any of them for true stories ; >>
billiards	<< " i have told you , friend , " said the curate , " that this is done to divert our idle thoughts ; and as in well - ordered states games of chess , fives , and billiards are allowed for the diversion of those who do not care , or are not obliged , or are unable to work , so books of this kind are allowed to be printed , on the supposition that , what indeed is the truth , there can be nobody so ignorant as to take any of them for true stories ; >>
supposition	<< " i have told you , friend , " said the curate , " that this is done to divert our idle thoughts ; and as in well - ordered states games of chess , fives , and billiards are allowed for the diversion of those who do not care , or are not obliged , or are unable to work , so books of this kind are allowed to be printed , on the supposition that , what indeed is the truth , there can be nobody so ignorant as to take any of them for true stories ; >>
quixote	<< " well then , " said don quixote , " the same thing happens in the comedy and life of this world , where some play emperors , others popes , and , in short , all the characters that can be brought into a play ; but when it is over , that is to say when life ends , death strips them all of the garments that distinguish one from the other , and all are equal in the grave . "	" thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day , sancho , " said don quixote .
popes	<< " well then , " said don quixote , " the same thing happens in the comedy and life of this world , where some play emperors , others popes , and , in short , all the characters that can be brought into a play ; but when it is over , that is to say when life ends , death strips them all of the garments that distinguish one from the other , and all are equal in the grave . "
sancho	" a fine comparison ! " said sancho ; " though not so new but that i have heard it many and many a time , as well as that other one of the game of chess ; how , so long as the game lasts , each piece has its own particular office , and when the game is finished they are all mixed , jumbled up and shaken together , and stowed away in the bag , which is much like ending life in the grave . "	" thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day , sancho , " said don quixote .	" ay , " said sancho ; " it must be that some of your worship 's shrewdness sticks to me ; land that , of itself , is barren and dry , will come to yield good fruit if you dung it and till it >>
jumbled	" a fine comparison ! " said sancho ; " though not so new but that i have heard it many and many a time , as well as that other one of the game of chess ; how , so long as the game lasts , each piece has its own particular office , and when the game is finished they are all mixed , jumbled up and shaken together , and stowed away in the bag , which is much like ending life in the grave . "
stowed	" a fine comparison ! " said sancho ; " though not so new but that i have heard it many and many a time , as well as that other one of the game of chess ; how , so long as the game lasts , each piece has its own particular office , and when the game is finished they are all mixed , jumbled up and shaken together , and stowed away in the bag , which is much like ending life in the grave . "
doltish	" thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day , sancho , " said don quixote .
shrewd	" thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day , sancho , " said don quixote .	" ay , " said sancho ; " it must be that some of your worship 's shrewdness sticks to me ; land that , of itself , is barren and dry , will come to yield good fruit if you dung it and till it >>
ay	what do the new al - qaeda videotape and audio speeches of bin laden and ayman al - zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization ?	the more radical shiites , who generally follow the theocratic notions of iran 's ayatollah ruhollah khomeini , routinely chant and demonstrate against israel .	worse for israel , the assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious grand ayatollah ali sistani , who wields enormous moral authority over iraqi shiites .	ayad allawi , and other ministers running on his list , have quite expectedly used their governmental positions in campaigning .	sheikh naji al - abbudi , a spokesman for sistani , affirmed the claims that the grand ayatollah is backing the united iraqi coalition list .	al qaeda , anthrax and ayman : means , motive , modus operandi and opportunity	what your morning paper did not tell you , however , was that the cia seized a similar disc from ayman zawahiri 's right - hand , ahmed salama mabruk , 5 years earlier .	but if experience is any guide , nothing would stand in the way of dr. ayman zawahiri 's decade - long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against us targets that was described by one confidante to an egyptian newspaper reporter .	emails from zawahiri to atef in the spring of 1999 indicate that ayman was a close student of the usamriid anthrax program .	the confidante and right - hand man of dr. ayman zawahiri admitted that zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against us targets .	aye !	" ay , " said sancho ; " it must be that some of your worship 's shrewdness sticks to me ; land that , of itself , is barren and dry , will come to yield good fruit if you dung it and till it >>	in 1998 they were joined by egyptians from the al - jihad al - islami group of ayman al - zawahiri ( many of these were from upper egypt , especially asyut and environs ) .
shrewdness	" ay , " said sancho ; " it must be that some of your worship 's shrewdness sticks to me ; land that , of itself , is barren and dry , will come to yield good fruit if you dung it and till it >>
freemason	of all freemason sponsered revolutions : american , french , bolivar , etc . . . garibaldi 's is the most blatantly masonic :
sponsered	of all freemason sponsered revolutions : american , french , bolivar , etc . . . garibaldi 's is the most blatantly masonic :
garibaldi	of all freemason sponsered revolutions : american , french , bolivar , etc . . . garibaldi 's is the most blatantly masonic :	<< after having written so far , don martin decoud , the exotic dandy of the parisian boulevard , got up and walked across the sanded floor of the cafe at one end of the albergo of united italy , kept by giorgio viola , the old companion of garibaldi .
blatantly	of all freemason sponsered revolutions : american , french , bolivar , etc . . . garibaldi 's is the most blatantly masonic :	this acceptance of blatantly terrorist groups as legitimate freedom movements is a cancerous tumor on the united nations and the media .
nostromo	nostromo a tale of the seaboard
seaboard	nostromo a tale of the seaboard
decoud	<< after having written so far , don martin decoud , the exotic dandy of the parisian boulevard , got up and walked across the sanded floor of the cafe at one end of the albergo of united italy , kept by giorgio viola , the old companion of garibaldi .	looking out of the window , decoud was met by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town , nor yet the buildings near the harbour ; and there was not a sound , as if the tremendous obscurity of the placid gulf , spreading from the waters over the land , had made it dumb as well as blind . . . .
dandy	<< after having written so far , don martin decoud , the exotic dandy of the parisian boulevard , got up and walked across the sanded floor of the cafe at one end of the albergo of united italy , kept by giorgio viola , the old companion of garibaldi .
sanded	<< after having written so far , don martin decoud , the exotic dandy of the parisian boulevard , got up and walked across the sanded floor of the cafe at one end of the albergo of united italy , kept by giorgio viola , the old companion of garibaldi .
albergo	<< after having written so far , don martin decoud , the exotic dandy of the parisian boulevard , got up and walked across the sanded floor of the cafe at one end of the albergo of united italy , kept by giorgio viola , the old companion of garibaldi .
impenetrable	looking out of the window , decoud was met by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town , nor yet the buildings near the harbour ; and there was not a sound , as if the tremendous obscurity of the placid gulf , spreading from the waters over the land , had made it dumb as well as blind . . . .	he could bear no longer that expressionless and motionless stare , which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyss .	. . . and uneasy in its corporate expression , was overtopped by the big face of don juste lopez , soft and white , with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloud . >>
obscurity	looking out of the window , decoud was met by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town , nor yet the buildings near the harbour ; and there was not a sound , as if the tremendous obscurity of the placid gulf , spreading from the waters over the land , had made it dumb as well as blind . . . .
placid	looking out of the window , decoud was met by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town , nor yet the buildings near the harbour ; and there was not a sound , as if the tremendous obscurity of the placid gulf , spreading from the waters over the land , had made it dumb as well as blind . . . .
expressionless	he could bear no longer that expressionless and motionless stare , which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyss .
overtopped	. . . and uneasy in its corporate expression , was overtopped by the big face of don juste lopez , soft and white , with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloud . >>
juste	. . . and uneasy in its corporate expression , was overtopped by the big face of don juste lopez , soft and white , with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloud . >>
wreathed	. . . and uneasy in its corporate expression , was overtopped by the big face of don juste lopez , soft and white , with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloud . >>
solemnity	. . . and uneasy in its corporate expression , was overtopped by the big face of don juste lopez , soft and white , with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloud . >>
------------------------------------------------------------------	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------
wisteria	wisteria lodge
murillo	<< he could do little during the day , for murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite lucas , or lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness .	they had gagged me , and murillo twisted my arm round until i gave him the address .	how they murdered him i do not know , save that it was murillo 's hand who struck him down , for lopez had remained to guard me .
precaution	<< he could do little during the day , for murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite lucas , or lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness .	just the zinc fumes will get you , if you do n't take precautions .
greatness	<< he could do little during the day , for murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite lucas , or lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness .
avenger	at night , however , he slept alone , and the avenger might find him .
prearranged	on a certain evening , which had been prearranged , i sent my friend final instructions , for the man was forever on the alert and continually changed his room .
traitress	he and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress .
gagged	they had gagged me , and murillo twisted my arm round until i gave him the address .
gorse	i believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .
burglar	at first they were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar ; but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks .	three weeks ago , burglars tried to gain entry into the rear of my home .
------------------------------------------------------	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	-------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------
neuendorffer	art neuendorffer
homosexuals	the rock revolution came from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room or to a recording studio full of drug addicts , homosexuals and lunatics ( as that of george martin , ally of the beatles ) .
lunatics	the rock revolution came from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room or to a recording studio full of drug addicts , homosexuals and lunatics ( as that of george martin , ally of the beatles ) .
adulterated	it came from the nation whose king enrique viii adulterated the bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom god provided a wife with six fingers as abomination ( anne boleyn ) ... once again 6 , number of the beast ....
divorces	it came from the nation whose king enrique viii adulterated the bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom god provided a wife with six fingers as abomination ( anne boleyn ) ... once again 6 , number of the beast ....
boleyn	it came from the nation whose king enrique viii adulterated the bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom god provided a wife with six fingers as abomination ( anne boleyn ) ... once again 6 , number of the beast ....
piccadilly	as the epithet of the government of satan on that nation , the center of london , the so well - known piccadilly circus , takes it's name from an old brothel ( the " piccadilla house " which means " the house of sin " ) , disappeared nowadays .
piccadilla	as the epithet of the government of satan on that nation , the center of london , the so well - known piccadilly circus , takes it's name from an old brothel ( the " piccadilla house " which means " the house of sin " ) , disappeared nowadays .
antichrist	the antichrist john lennon , one of the devil 's main puppets to destroy family , social and moral values and to begin the disintegration of mankind , did hit stuart sutcliffe ( the first bass player of the beatles ) in the head with a club repeatedly in hamburg .	the same demons that made captain smith say " not even god can sink my ship " spoke from antichrist john lennon ( from liverpool , base port to the titanic ) saying : " christianity is on the go .
disintegration	the antichrist john lennon , one of the devil 's main puppets to destroy family , social and moral values and to begin the disintegration of mankind , did hit stuart sutcliffe ( the first bass player of the beatles ) in the head with a club repeatedly in hamburg .	came the disintegration of the beatles ' minds with lsd which has caused , among others , schizophrenic lyrics such as " i am the walrus " and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like " revolution number 9 " .
sutcliffe	the antichrist john lennon , one of the devil 's main puppets to destroy family , social and moral values and to begin the disintegration of mankind , did hit stuart sutcliffe ( the first bass player of the beatles ) in the head with a club repeatedly in hamburg .	some months later sutcliffe died from brain haemorrhage because of john lennon 's bruises .
haemorrhage	some months later sutcliffe died from brain haemorrhage because of john lennon 's bruises .
stardom	john lennon entered stardom being a murderer .
forger	one week after that declaration , only one week later , brian epstein , forger of the beatle farce , died from an overdose .
beatle	the rock revolution came from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room or to a recording studio full of drug addicts , homosexuals and lunatics ( as that of george martin , ally of the beatles ) .	the antichrist john lennon , one of the devil 's main puppets to destroy family , social and moral values and to begin the disintegration of mankind , did hit stuart sutcliffe ( the first bass player of the beatles ) in the head with a club repeatedly in hamburg .	one week after that declaration , only one week later , brian epstein , forger of the beatle farce , died from an overdose .	from then on , the beatles began to get involved in false religions and to preach them to the world .	came the disintegration of the beatles ' minds with lsd which has caused , among others , schizophrenic lyrics such as " i am the walrus " and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like " revolution number 9 " .	the beatles are very well known by people close to them for their arrogance and racism .	when john asked george while they were having lunch about how things were going for paul after his separation from the beatles and george replied that he was number one in the swedish hit parade , john said in a despective manner : " ah !! .. in sweden .. " , as if sweden was an inferior place or something alike .	in the beatles ' song " get back " they advise black joe to " get back to where you once belonged " , as if england was not a place for black people .	sometimes back , paul told george in the apple offices that the new generations are a bundle of idiots and useless people , but in any way they would have also been slaves of the beatles .	george harrison said in a video that " oasis is a very untalented band and they should n't be playing at all " , all of it being the truth , but the beatles is also a band of very poor musicians , if musicians at all , who could only play a couple of elementary guitar chords and who are as untalented as oasis .	the beatles of the times of the " cavern " sounded exactly as poorly as oasis and the little musical quality in the songs of the beatles is due to george martin .	without george martin the beatles would have been just another untalented band as oasis ....	after the devil began his devastating job from the ghostly " devil 's island " through his nine main puppets ( beatles - rolling stones ) , he possessed an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned island and weakening their conscience with drugs , he made them proclaimers of homosexuality , aversion to religion , destruction of family values , dissipation , mental illness , antisocialism , etc. , etc. ,	the fact that bad apprentice musicians such as the beatles and the rolling stones achieved such a giant fame that not even the real quality musicians could achieve , was because the forces of satan were behind everything , supporting the process .	this mentally ill humanity , destroyed families , twisted moral values , manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings , anti natural feminism rebellion , drug addiction , corrupt social outlines , mad youths without direction , non respect to hierarchies , convulsed nations , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations , are due to the vast manoeuvre that satan executed through his main marionettes the beatles and the rolling stones , from the devil 's island .	if you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house , it is because you own some l.p , cd or another article related to the cursed by god beatles and rolling stones .
polansky	john lennon 's divorce followed , as well as his entering the world of black magic , as deeply as to buy the apartment . where the " rosemary 's baby " had been filmed , previous property of roman polansky , and in that same apartment john lennon had a room upholstered with black silk where he used to do his black magic operations .
upholstered	john lennon 's divorce followed , as well as his entering the world of black magic , as deeply as to buy the apartment . where the " rosemary 's baby " had been filmed , previous property of roman polansky , and in that same apartment john lennon had a room upholstered with black silk where he used to do his black magic operations .
lsd	came the disintegration of the beatles ' minds with lsd which has caused , among others , schizophrenic lyrics such as " i am the walrus " and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like " revolution number 9 " .
schizophrenic	came the disintegration of the beatles ' minds with lsd which has caused , among others , schizophrenic lyrics such as " i am the walrus " and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like " revolution number 9 " .	after the devil began his devastating job from the ghostly " devil 's island " through his nine main puppets ( beatles - rolling stones ) , he possessed an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned island and weakening their conscience with drugs , he made them proclaimers of homosexuality , aversion to religion , destruction of family values , dissipation , mental illness , antisocialism , etc. , etc. ,
walrus	came the disintegration of the beatles ' minds with lsd which has caused , among others , schizophrenic lyrics such as " i am the walrus " and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like " revolution number 9 " .
incoherent	came the disintegration of the beatles ' minds with lsd which has caused , among others , schizophrenic lyrics such as " i am the walrus " and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like " revolution number 9 " .
expositions	came the disintegration of the beatles ' minds with lsd which has caused , among others , schizophrenic lyrics such as " i am the walrus " and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like " revolution number 9 " .
bogus	antichrist john lennon wanted to compete with jesus christ , and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of christ together with yoko ono at the amsterdam hilton hotel proclaiming " peace " , being then when he was visited by the canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of " the ballad of john and yoko " : " the way things are going , they 're going to crucify me ... " , the curse of god upon john lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made lennon give the interview to the " rolling stone " magazine ( today condensed in the " lennon remembers " book ) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming " whatever is up there " for it ( referring to god ) .
proclaiming	antichrist john lennon wanted to compete with jesus christ , and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of christ together with yoko ono at the amsterdam hilton hotel proclaiming " peace " , being then when he was visited by the canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of " the ballad of john and yoko " : " the way things are going , they 're going to crucify me ... " , the curse of god upon john lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made lennon give the interview to the " rolling stone " magazine ( today condensed in the " lennon remembers " book ) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming " whatever is up there " for it ( referring to god ) .
ridiculized	antichrist john lennon wanted to compete with jesus christ , and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of christ together with yoko ono at the amsterdam hilton hotel proclaiming " peace " , being then when he was visited by the canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of " the ballad of john and yoko " : " the way things are going , they 're going to crucify me ... " , the curse of god upon john lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made lennon give the interview to the " rolling stone " magazine ( today condensed in the " lennon remembers " book ) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming " whatever is up there " for it ( referring to god ) .
admonished	antichrist john lennon wanted to compete with jesus christ , and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of christ together with yoko ono at the amsterdam hilton hotel proclaiming " peace " , being then when he was visited by the canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of " the ballad of john and yoko " : " the way things are going , they 're going to crucify me ... " , the curse of god upon john lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made lennon give the interview to the " rolling stone " magazine ( today condensed in the " lennon remembers " book ) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming " whatever is up there " for it ( referring to god ) .
crucify	antichrist john lennon wanted to compete with jesus christ , and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of christ together with yoko ono at the amsterdam hilton hotel proclaiming " peace " , being then when he was visited by the canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of " the ballad of john and yoko " : " the way things are going , they 're going to crucify me ... " , the curse of god upon john lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made lennon give the interview to the " rolling stone " magazine ( today condensed in the " lennon remembers " book ) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming " whatever is up there " for it ( referring to god ) .
distresses	antichrist john lennon wanted to compete with jesus christ , and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of christ together with yoko ono at the amsterdam hilton hotel proclaiming " peace " , being then when he was visited by the canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of " the ballad of john and yoko " : " the way things are going , they 're going to crucify me ... " , the curse of god upon john lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made lennon give the interview to the " rolling stone " magazine ( today condensed in the " lennon remembers " book ) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming " whatever is up there " for it ( referring to god ) .
cabalah	it is interesting to notice that he was shot seven times , being seven , as well as three , the holy numbers in holy cabalah tradition ....
arrogantly	after george harrison , said arrogantly in a video filmed in his studio at henley on thames : " i want to talk about the divinity of man " , he was given throat cancer by god because of those words , which made metastasis and carried on to final death ..
metastasis	after george harrison , said arrogantly in a video filmed in his studio at henley on thames : " i want to talk about the divinity of man " , he was given throat cancer by god because of those words , which made metastasis and carried on to final death ..
toying	to paul mccartney whose company 's logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god , and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made " sir " ( when in england even the road sweeper is made sir , as long as he produces money for the nation ) , god provided cancer to the wife .
deluded	to paul mccartney whose company 's logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god , and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made " sir " ( when in england even the road sweeper is made sir , as long as he produces money for the nation ) , god provided cancer to the wife .
sweeper	to paul mccartney whose company 's logo was a person toying with the planets as if he was a god , and who was being very much deluded in his ego trip by the fact that he was made " sir " ( when in england even the road sweeper is made sir , as long as he produces money for the nation ) , god provided cancer to the wife .
waning	at the same time mccartney was going out with heather mills , he used linda 's death for promotional ends , due to his waning popularity .
masquerade	paul was going out with heather , but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband 's masquerade pretending to suffer for linda , for the afore mentioned promotional ends .
afore	paul was going out with heather , but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband 's masquerade pretending to suffer for linda , for the afore mentioned promotional ends .	after the devil began his devastating job from the ghostly " devil 's island " through his nine main puppets ( beatles - rolling stones ) , he possessed an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned island and weakening their conscience with drugs , he made them proclaimers of homosexuality , aversion to religion , destruction of family values , dissipation , mental illness , antisocialism , etc. , etc. ,
insecure	paul admitted that he made linda suffer a lot , but he did n't say that it was because he felt insecure as a man due to his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his age his sexual power was not the same , even though it has never been much .	35 m - number of americans that the government defines as " food insecure , " in other words , hungry .
womanish	paul admitted that he made linda suffer a lot , but he did n't say that it was because he felt insecure as a man due to his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his age his sexual power was not the same , even though it has never been much .
effeminate	paul admitted that he made linda suffer a lot , but he did n't say that it was because he felt insecure as a man due to his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his age his sexual power was not the same , even though it has never been much .	( he already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend jane asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners ) .	paul has such a big inferiority complex as a man , due to his effeminate face , body and personality and due to his repressed homosexuality , that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg , so that he could stand out , being very conscious that a full woman would make him feel the superiority of virile men again , as jane and linda did .
virility	the early days were the days of competition between paul and his wife and john and his wife and he knew he had to compete with ugly john for the leadership of the band in front of their wives and having yoko ono made him aware of his lack of virility and repressed homosexuality , he grew the beard that we see in the " let it be " film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film , doing every effort he could to be seen as a man ....	he is very conscious that money and fame can not buy virility and manliness .
repressed	the early days were the days of competition between paul and his wife and john and his wife and he knew he had to compete with ugly john for the leadership of the band in front of their wives and having yoko ono made him aware of his lack of virility and repressed homosexuality , he grew the beard that we see in the " let it be " film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film , doing every effort he could to be seen as a man ....	paul has such a big inferiority complex as a man , due to his effeminate face , body and personality and due to his repressed homosexuality , that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg , so that he could stand out , being very conscious that a full woman would make him feel the superiority of virile men again , as jane and linda did .	this mentally ill humanity , destroyed families , twisted moral values , manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings , anti natural feminism rebellion , drug addiction , corrupt social outlines , mad youths without direction , non respect to hierarchies , convulsed nations , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations , are due to the vast manoeuvre that satan executed through his main marionettes the beatles and the rolling stones , from the devil 's island .
uneasiness	it is easy to note the uneasiness of mccartney when he sings : " i 've got a feeling , a feeling i ca n't hide ... " in front of yoko in the film .
traumas	( he already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend jane asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners ) .
manliness	( he already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend jane asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners ) .	he is very conscious that money and fame can not buy virility and manliness .
inferiority	paul has such a big inferiority complex as a man , due to his effeminate face , body and personality and due to his repressed homosexuality , that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg , so that he could stand out , being very conscious that a full woman would make him feel the superiority of virile men again , as jane and linda did .
virile	paul has such a big inferiority complex as a man , due to his effeminate face , body and personality and due to his repressed homosexuality , that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg , so that he could stand out , being very conscious that a full woman would make him feel the superiority of virile men again , as jane and linda did .
manifestations	one of the manifestations of their racism is the rejection towards japanese yoko ono .
despective	when john asked george while they were having lunch about how things were going for paul after his separation from the beatles and george replied that he was number one in the swedish hit parade , john said in a despective manner : " ah !! .. in sweden .. " , as if sweden was an inferior place or something alike .
overbearing	the newly married couple living on the corner in front of the entrance of george 's house ( friar park ) refers to him as an overbearing person to stay away from .	the service was also excellent - friendly , helpful and informative without being overbearing .
despotism	it is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the british cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of george harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .
pedantry	it is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the british cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of george harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .
worshiped	it is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the british cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of george harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .
chauvinisms	their chauvinisms got to the point that even they themselves hated each other .
untalented	george harrison said in a video that " oasis is a very untalented band and they should n't be playing at all " , all of it being the truth , but the beatles is also a band of very poor musicians , if musicians at all , who could only play a couple of elementary guitar chords and who are as untalented as oasis .	without george martin the beatles would have been just another untalented band as oasis ....
deceive	he thinks he will deceive people in this way , so that the real mccartney will not be perceived .
deceiving	satan deceiving mankind once again , as so many other thousands of times through the centuries ....
proclaimers	after the devil began his devastating job from the ghostly " devil 's island " through his nine main puppets ( beatles - rolling stones ) , he possessed an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned island and weakening their conscience with drugs , he made them proclaimers of homosexuality , aversion to religion , destruction of family values , dissipation , mental illness , antisocialism , etc. , etc. ,
aversion	after the devil began his devastating job from the ghostly " devil 's island " through his nine main puppets ( beatles - rolling stones ) , he possessed an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned island and weakening their conscience with drugs , he made them proclaimers of homosexuality , aversion to religion , destruction of family values , dissipation , mental illness , antisocialism , etc. , etc. ,
dissipation	after the devil began his devastating job from the ghostly " devil 's island " through his nine main puppets ( beatles - rolling stones ) , he possessed an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned island and weakening their conscience with drugs , he made them proclaimers of homosexuality , aversion to religion , destruction of family values , dissipation , mental illness , antisocialism , etc. , etc. ,
antisocialism	after the devil began his devastating job from the ghostly " devil 's island " through his nine main puppets ( beatles - rolling stones ) , he possessed an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned island and weakening their conscience with drugs , he made them proclaimers of homosexuality , aversion to religion , destruction of family values , dissipation , mental illness , antisocialism , etc. , etc. ,
hierarchies	this mentally ill humanity , destroyed families , twisted moral values , manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings , anti natural feminism rebellion , drug addiction , corrupt social outlines , mad youths without direction , non respect to hierarchies , convulsed nations , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations , are due to the vast manoeuvre that satan executed through his main marionettes the beatles and the rolling stones , from the devil 's island .
convulsed	this mentally ill humanity , destroyed families , twisted moral values , manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings , anti natural feminism rebellion , drug addiction , corrupt social outlines , mad youths without direction , non respect to hierarchies , convulsed nations , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations , are due to the vast manoeuvre that satan executed through his main marionettes the beatles and the rolling stones , from the devil 's island .
misanthropy	this mentally ill humanity , destroyed families , twisted moral values , manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings , anti natural feminism rebellion , drug addiction , corrupt social outlines , mad youths without direction , non respect to hierarchies , convulsed nations , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations , are due to the vast manoeuvre that satan executed through his main marionettes the beatles and the rolling stones , from the devil 's island .
misogyny	this mentally ill humanity , destroyed families , twisted moral values , manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings , anti natural feminism rebellion , drug addiction , corrupt social outlines , mad youths without direction , non respect to hierarchies , convulsed nations , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations , are due to the vast manoeuvre that satan executed through his main marionettes the beatles and the rolling stones , from the devil 's island .
paedophilia	this mentally ill humanity , destroyed families , twisted moral values , manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings , anti natural feminism rebellion , drug addiction , corrupt social outlines , mad youths without direction , non respect to hierarchies , convulsed nations , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations , are due to the vast manoeuvre that satan executed through his main marionettes the beatles and the rolling stones , from the devil 's island .
feeble	this mentally ill humanity , destroyed families , twisted moral values , manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings , anti natural feminism rebellion , drug addiction , corrupt social outlines , mad youths without direction , non respect to hierarchies , convulsed nations , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations , are due to the vast manoeuvre that satan executed through his main marionettes the beatles and the rolling stones , from the devil 's island .
lasciviousness	this mentally ill humanity , destroyed families , twisted moral values , manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings , anti natural feminism rebellion , drug addiction , corrupt social outlines , mad youths without direction , non respect to hierarchies , convulsed nations , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations , are due to the vast manoeuvre that satan executed through his main marionettes the beatles and the rolling stones , from the devil 's island .
aberrations	this mentally ill humanity , destroyed families , twisted moral values , manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings , anti natural feminism rebellion , drug addiction , corrupt social outlines , mad youths without direction , non respect to hierarchies , convulsed nations , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations , are due to the vast manoeuvre that satan executed through his main marionettes the beatles and the rolling stones , from the devil 's island .
manoeuvre	this mentally ill humanity , destroyed families , twisted moral values , manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings , anti natural feminism rebellion , drug addiction , corrupt social outlines , mad youths without direction , non respect to hierarchies , convulsed nations , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations , are due to the vast manoeuvre that satan executed through his main marionettes the beatles and the rolling stones , from the devil 's island .
marionettes	this mentally ill humanity , destroyed families , twisted moral values , manifest or repressed homosexuality in human beings , anti natural feminism rebellion , drug addiction , corrupt social outlines , mad youths without direction , non respect to hierarchies , convulsed nations , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations , are due to the vast manoeuvre that satan executed through his main marionettes the beatles and the rolling stones , from the devil 's island .
l.p	if you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house , it is because you own some l.p , cd or another article related to the cursed by god beatles and rolling stones .	on or about october 6 , 1999 , kelly cloud , senior vice president of ccng , inc. ( 713 ) 235-1972 , called and informed me that the counterparty should be ccgm , l.p. .
yamwhatiyam	email : yamwhatiyam < pop...@spinach.eat >
pop...@spinach.eat	email : yamwhatiyam < pop...@spinach.eat >
alt.consumers	groups : alt.consumers , ba.consumers , misc.consumers , misc.consumers.frugal-living
ba.consumers	groups : alt.consumers , ba.consumers , misc.consumers , misc.consumers.frugal-living
misc.consumers.frugal-living	groups : alt.consumers , ba.consumers , misc.consumers , misc.consumers.frugal-living
reinforcing	" the bush administration is preparing its nato allies for a possible military strike against suspected nuclear sites in iran in the new year , according to german media reports , reinforcing similar earlier suggestions in the turkish media , " reported upi on december 30th .
tagesspiegel	" the berlin daily der tagesspiegel this week , " continued upi , " quoted ' nato intelligence sources ' who claimed that the nato allies had been informed that the united states is currently investigating all possibilities of bringing the mullah - led regime into line , including military options .
ramifications	an examination of the ramifications of such an attack is desperately in order .	should the united states undertake military action against iran , the ramifications in iraq would be immediate and extreme .
blowback	1 . blowback in iraq
amalgam	the recent elections in iraq were dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist shi'ite organizations , principally the dawa party and the supreme council for islamic revolution in iraq ( sciri ) .
religiously	the recent elections in iraq were dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist shi'ite organizations , principally the dawa party and the supreme council for islamic revolution in iraq ( sciri ) .
dawa	the recent elections in iraq were dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist shi'ite organizations , principally the dawa party and the supreme council for islamic revolution in iraq ( sciri ) .	both dawa and sciri have umbilical connections to the fundamentalist shi'ite leadership in iran that go back decades .
sciri	the recent elections in iraq were dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist shi'ite organizations , principally the dawa party and the supreme council for islamic revolution in iraq ( sciri ) .	both dawa and sciri have umbilical connections to the fundamentalist shi'ite leadership in iran that go back decades .
umbilical	both dawa and sciri have umbilical connections to the fundamentalist shi'ite leadership in iran that go back decades .
disgruntled	much of the violence aimed at american forces is coming from disgruntled sunni factions that have their own militias , believe the last elections were a sham , and hold little political power in the government .
taxed	if the us attacks iran , it is probable that american forces - already taxed by attacks from sunni factions - will also face reprisal attacks in iraq from shi'ite factions loyal to iran .
reprisal	with president karzai certain to win the elections and the demotion of key former northern alliance figures such as general fahim and warlord ismail khan , there is now little reason for moderate taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former northern alliance figures if they return home .	if the us attacks iran , it is probable that american forces - already taxed by attacks from sunni factions - will also face reprisal attacks in iraq from shi'ite factions loyal to iran .
escalation	the result will be a dramatic escalation in us and civilian casualties , us forces will be required to bunker themselves further into their bases , and us forces will find themselves required to fight the very government they just finished helping into power .	" we 're not happy with hamas 's position at this stage and in light of the israeli escalation against the palestinians , " commented khader habib , a senior islamic jihad official .
seething	iraq , already a seething cauldron , will sink further into chaos .
cauldron	iraq , already a seething cauldron , will sink further into chaos .
armaments	2 . iran 's armaments
grueling	unlike iraq , iran has not spent the last fifteen years having its conventional forces worn down by grueling sanctions , repeated attacks , and two american - led wars .
heyday	while iran 's conventional army is not what it was during the heyday of the iran - iraq war - their armaments have deteriorated and the veterans of that last war have retired - the nation enjoys substantial military strength nonetheless .
540,000	according to a report issued by the center for strategic and international studies in december of 2004 , iran " has some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserves .
350,000	according to a report issued by the center for strategic and international studies in december of 2004 , iran " has some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserves .
120,000	they include 120,000 iranian revolutionary guards trained for land and naval asymmetrical warfare .
1,613	iran 's military also includes holdings of 1,613 main battle tanks , 21,600 other armored fighting vehicles , 3,200 artillery weapons , 306 combat aircraft , 60 attack helicopters , 3 submarines , 59 surface combatants , and 10 amphibious ships . "
21,600	iran 's military also includes holdings of 1,613 main battle tanks , 21,600 other armored fighting vehicles , 3,200 artillery weapons , 306 combat aircraft , 60 attack helicopters , 3 submarines , 59 surface combatants , and 10 amphibious ships . "
3,200	iran 's military also includes holdings of 1,613 main battle tanks , 21,600 other armored fighting vehicles , 3,200 artillery weapons , 306 combat aircraft , 60 attack helicopters , 3 submarines , 59 surface combatants , and 10 amphibious ships . "
csis	" iran is now the only regional military power that poses a significant conventional military threat to gulf stability , " continued the csis report .	the csis report cites numerous areas where iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect , anti-shipping cruise missiles : ' iran has obtained new anti-ship missiles and missile patrol craft from china , midget submarines from north korea , submarines from russia , and modern mines . ' "
asymmetric	the biggest threat israel faces is not from conventional armies but from the asymmetrical tactics of palestinian national liberation movements .	any thorough assessment of the impact of the iraq war and its aftermath on israel 's security environment must , therefore , closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare .	although it is often alleged ( without much evidence ) that saddam hussein gave money to the families of palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare , it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to israel .	they include 120,000 iranian revolutionary guards trained for land and naval asymmetrical warfare .	" iran has significant capabilities for asymmetric warfare , and poses the additional threat of proliferation .	even the small navy that iran puts to sea is capable enough to harass shipping , and several cases of small boat operations against oil well heads in the gulf during that period made it clear small asymmetrical tactics of the iranian navy could be quite effective . "	currently , the us is facing an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding small arms , shoulder - fired grenades and roadside bombs .
milnet	a milnet brief issued in february 2005 reports , " due to its position astride the persian gulf , iran has constantly been a threat to the gulf .	" more concerning , " continued the milnet brief , " is the priority placed on expanding and modernizing its navy .
astride	a milnet brief issued in february 2005 reports , " due to its position astride the persian gulf , iran has constantly been a threat to the gulf .
squarely	the so called ' tanker ' wars in the late 1980s put iran squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the region .
bullseye	the so called ' tanker ' wars in the late 1980s put iran squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the region .
modernizing	" more concerning , " continued the milnet brief , " is the priority placed on expanding and modernizing its navy .
troublesome	the csis report cites numerous areas where iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect , anti-shipping cruise missiles : ' iran has obtained new anti-ship missiles and missile patrol craft from china , midget submarines from north korea , submarines from russia , and modern mines . ' "
anti-shipping	the csis report cites numerous areas where iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect , anti-shipping cruise missiles : ' iran has obtained new anti-ship missiles and missile patrol craft from china , midget submarines from north korea , submarines from russia , and modern mines . ' "
anti-ship	the csis report cites numerous areas where iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect , anti-shipping cruise missiles : ' iran has obtained new anti-ship missiles and missile patrol craft from china , midget submarines from north korea , submarines from russia , and modern mines . ' "	these missiles are , simply , the fastest anti-ship weapons on the planet .
midget	the csis report cites numerous areas where iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect , anti-shipping cruise missiles : ' iran has obtained new anti-ship missiles and missile patrol craft from china , midget submarines from north korea , submarines from russia , and modern mines . ' "
arrayed	iran 's coast facing the persian gulf is a looming wall of mountains that look down upon any naval forces arrayed in those waters .	missile batteries arrayed in those mountains could raise bloody havoc with any fleet deployed below .
hormuz	the gulf itself only has one exit , the strait of hormuz , which is also dominated by the mountainous iranian coastline .	further , any fighting in the persian gulf would imperil the tankers running china 's liquefied natural gas through the strait of hormuz .
sunburn	of all the missiles in iran 's armament , the most dangerous is the russian - made ss - n - 22 sunburn .	the sunburn can reach mach 3 at high altitude .	the sunburn takes two short minutes to cover its full range .	the sunburn is also superior to the exocet missile .	the sunburn missile , with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detection , would do terrible damage these ships if iran chooses to retaliate in the gulf after an american attack within its borders .
2.2	its maximum low - altitude speed is mach 2.2 , some three times faster than the american - made harpoon .
harpoon	its maximum low - altitude speed is mach 2.2 , some three times faster than the american - made harpoon .
cripple	because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with brian epstein had left him , he made lyrics such as : " you can wear a collar and a tie , one thing you ca n't hide is when you 're crippled inside " and gave declarations to the " rolling stone " magazine saying that " sometimes he wore texan boots to feel more secure as a man " .	the missile 's manufacturers state that one or two missiles could cripple a destroyer , and five missiles could sink a 20,000 ton ship .
exocet	the sunburn is also superior to the exocet missile .	recall that it was two exocets that ripped the uss stark to shreds in 1987 , killing 37 sailors .
exocets	recall that it was two exocets that ripped the uss stark to shreds in 1987 , killing 37 sailors .
shreds	recall that it was two exocets that ripped the uss stark to shreds in 1987 , killing 37 sailors .
7,000	the us aircraft carrier theodore roosevelt is currently deployed in the persian gulf , with some 7,000 souls aboard .
tarawa	sailing with the roosevelt is the tarawa expeditionary strike force , which includes the uss tarawa , the uss austin , and the uss pearl harbor .
retaliate	the sunburn missile , with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detection , would do terrible damage these ships if iran chooses to retaliate in the gulf after an american attack within its borders .	should china decide to retaliate against the us to defend its oil and natural gas deal with iran , the us would be faced with a significant threat .
vaunted	the vaunted american military has suffered 2,210 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded from this form of warfare .	two vaunted economists - one a nobel prize winner and the other a nationally renowned budget expert - have analyzed the data at hand and put a price tag on the iraq occupation .
2,210	the vaunted american military has suffered 2,210 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded from this form of warfare .
23,000	if iran decides to throw any or all of its 23,000 armored fighting vehicles , along with any or all of its nearly million - strong army , into the iraq fray , the situation in the middle east could become unspeakably dire .	to summarize : enron 's pad gas will now be 3,993,310 mmbtu , instead of 4,223,000 mmbtu .
unspeakably	if iran decides to throw any or all of its 23,000 armored fighting vehicles , along with any or all of its nearly million - strong army , into the iraq fray , the situation in the middle east could become unspeakably dire .
rafik	this was a specific reaction to the american invasion of iraq , and a reaction to america 's condemnation of syria after the death of lebanese prime minister rafik hariri , which was widely seen as an assassination ordered from damascus .
hariri	this was a specific reaction to the american invasion of iraq , and a reaction to america 's condemnation of syria after the death of lebanese prime minister rafik hariri , which was widely seen as an assassination ordered from damascus .
conceivably	an attack on iran would trigger this mutual defense pact , and could conceivably bring syria into direct conflict with american forces .
scoff	like iran , syria 's military is nothing to scoff at .
counterweight	damascus has been intent for years upon establishing significant military strength to serve as a counterweight to israel 's overwhelming capabilities .
215,000	as of 2002 , syria had some 215,000 soldiers under arms , 4,700 tanks , and a massive artillery capability .
4,700	as of 2002 , syria had some 215,000 soldiers under arms , 4,700 tanks , and a massive artillery capability .
arsenals	syria also possesses one of the largest arsenals of ballistic missiles in the region , comprised primarily of scud - derived systems .
scud	syria also possesses one of the largest arsenals of ballistic missiles in the region , comprised primarily of scud - derived systems .
compounding	compounding this is the well - based suspicion that syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the persian gulf .
loom	i suspect the streets of baghdad will look as if a war is looming this week .	imaginary evil is romantic and varied ; real evil is gloomy , monotonous , barren , boring .	the forest phlox is blooming in late april instead of mid-may .	iran 's coast facing the persian gulf is a looming wall of mountains that look down upon any naval forces arrayed in those waters .	while the ominous possibilities of heightened iraqi chaos , missiles in the gulf , and syrian involvement loom large if the us attacks iran , all pale in comparison to the involvement of china in any us / iran engagement .	bloom legal was really attentive to my problem , and seth bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue i was dealing with .	blooming onion , the only reason to visit this restaurant .
inked	in fact , it would tend to encourage more organized anti-india outfits , such as the pakistani inter- services intelligence ( isi ) and outside - linked maoists , to exploit these networks and weaken india 's eastern flank .	the rev. gerald robinson appeared stony - faced as the jury 's guilty verdict was read , and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in handcuffs .	no one can contradict me when i say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked	" no one can contradict me when i say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked .	as an outgrowth of the meeting leslie and i had with scott and hunter a couple of weeks ago , we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of ferc gas activities , and possibly electric activities , in a format that can be linked to the fundamentals intranet site used by the traders .	in the last several months , china has inked deals with iran for $ 70 billion dollars worth of iranian oil and natural gas .	as the survey cited in the above - linked article shows , most google users do n't intend to use gmail , and google is n't even as popular as yahoo! and aol .	let me join the chorus of annoyance over google 's new toolbar , which , as noted in the linked article , commits just about every sin an online marketer could commit , and makes up a few new ones besides .
liquefied	china will purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from iran over the next 30 years , will develop the massive yadavaran oil field in iran , and will receive 150,000 barrels of oil per day from that field .	further , any fighting in the persian gulf would imperil the tankers running china 's liquefied natural gas through the strait of hormuz .
yadavaran	china will purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from iran over the next 30 years , will develop the massive yadavaran oil field in iran , and will receive 150,000 barrels of oil per day from that field .
150,000	china will purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from iran over the next 30 years , will develop the massive yadavaran oil field in iran , and will receive 150,000 barrels of oil per day from that field .
imperil	further , any fighting in the persian gulf would imperil the tankers running china 's liquefied natural gas through the strait of hormuz .	in the worst - case scenario , the newly - minted american order of battle requiring the use of nuclear weapons to rescue a surrounded and imperiled force could come into play , hurling the entire planet into military and diplomatic bedlam .
surpluses	paul craig roberts , writing for the american conservative , said in july of 2005 that " as a result of many years of persistent trade surpluses with the united states , the japanese government holds dollar reserves of approximately $ 1 trillion .
hegemonic	they would have no problem teaching a hegemonic superpower a lesson if the need arose . "
superpower	they would have no problem teaching a hegemonic superpower a lesson if the need arose . "
ceases	when china 's currency ceases to be undervalued , american shoppers in wal - mart , where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in china , will think they are in neiman marcus .
undervalued	when china 's currency ceases to be undervalued , american shoppers in wal - mart , where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in china , will think they are in neiman marcus .
shoppers	when china 's currency ceases to be undervalued , american shoppers in wal - mart , where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in china , will think they are in neiman marcus .
neiman	when china 's currency ceases to be undervalued , american shoppers in wal - mart , where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in china , will think they are in neiman marcus .
coincides	if this coincides with rising interest rates and a setback in the housing market , american consumers will experience the hardest times since the great depression . "
overwhelm	( kut is in southeastern iraq and has an overwhelmingly shiite population , who are on the lookout for baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	the urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming , and makes me more grateful for the blessings i have .	this writer has for years regarded the best solution to the kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the indian part of the state into a hindu - majority jammu , a buddhist - dominated ladakh and the overwhelmingly muslim kashmir valley , with the third state given little of taxpayers ' money but substantial autonomy .	the overwhelming majority of muslims in kashmir would be happy with such an outcome , except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the u.s. state department and the pakistan army , which would like to even the score with india for their catastrophic defeat in bangladesh in 1971 .	my only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task .	my only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task .	damascus has been intent for years upon establishing significant military strength to serve as a counterweight to israel 's overwhelming capabilities .	american citizens have for decades taken it as a given that our military can overwhelm and overcome any foe on the battlefield .	the overwhelming human and financial impacts of hurricane katrina are powerful evidence that political and economic decisions made in the united states and other countries have failed to account for our dependence on a healthy resource base , according to an assessment released today by the worldwatch institute .
cemented	the rapid victory during the first gulf war cemented this perception .
sapped	the last three years of the iraq occupation , however , have sapped this confidence .
deployments	thanks to repeated deployments to iraq and afghanistan , recruiting is at an all - time low .
re-enlist	soldiers with vital training and know - how are refusing to re-enlist .
bilmes	according to linda bilmes of harvard and nobel laureate joseph e. stiglitz of columbia university , the final cost of the iraq occupation will run between $ 1 trillion and $ 2 trillion , surpassing by orders of magnitude the estimates put forth by the bush administration .
stiglitz	according to linda bilmes of harvard and nobel laureate joseph e. stiglitz of columbia university , the final cost of the iraq occupation will run between $ 1 trillion and $ 2 trillion , surpassing by orders of magnitude the estimates put forth by the bush administration .
envelops	if an engagement with iran envelops our forces in iraq , and comes to involve syria , our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneously .
mideast	add to this the economic threat posed by china , and the economic threat implicit in any substantial disruption of the distribution of mideast petroleum to the globe .
undersized	if iran and syria - with their significant armaments , missile technologies and suspected chemical weapons capabilities - decide to engage with the relatively undersized us force in iraq , our troops there will be fish in a barrel .
resupply	iran 's position over the gulf would make resupply by ship and air support from carriers a dangerous affair .
minted	in the worst - case scenario , the newly - minted american order of battle requiring the use of nuclear weapons to rescue a surrounded and imperiled force could come into play , hurling the entire planet into military and diplomatic bedlam .
imperiled	in the worst - case scenario , the newly - minted american order of battle requiring the use of nuclear weapons to rescue a surrounded and imperiled force could come into play , hurling the entire planet into military and diplomatic bedlam .
maniac	the question must be put as directly as possible : what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe ?	what manner of maniac would undertake such a dangerous course ?
fraught	the question must be put as directly as possible : what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe ?
peril	further , any fighting in the persian gulf would imperil the tankers running china 's liquefied natural gas through the strait of hormuz .	in the worst - case scenario , the newly - minted american order of battle requiring the use of nuclear weapons to rescue a surrounded and imperiled force could come into play , hurling the entire planet into military and diplomatic bedlam .	the question must be put as directly as possible : what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe ?
envelop	now get 6 u.s. $ 1.00 bills and place one inside of each of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope ( to prevent thievery ) .	next , place one paper in each of the six envelopes and seal them .	you now should have six sealed envelopes , each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase , your name and address , and a $ 1.00 bill .	mail the six envelopes to the following addresses :	if an engagement with iran envelops our forces in iraq , and comes to involve syria , our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneously .	it is difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the united states in a military and economic conflict with iraq , iran , syria and china simultaneously .	they were sent to our second room and had been opened -- the ribbon - wrapped present , and all 3 envelopes .
bluntly	recently , russian president vladimir putin bluntly stated that iran is not developing its nuclear capability for any reasons beyond peaceful energy creation , and pledged to continue assisting iran in this endeavor .
encased	unfortunately , all the dangers in the world are no match for the self - assurance of a bubble - encased zealot .
zealot	unfortunately , all the dangers in the world are no match for the self - assurance of a bubble - encased zealot .
lobbed	recall the multiple terror threats lobbed out by the administration whenever damaging political news appeared in the media .
rove	karl rove , bush 's most senior advisor , notoriously told republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms to " run on the war . "	0 - number of minutes that president bush , vice - president dick cheney , the defence secretary , donald rumsfeld , the assistant defence secretary , paul wolfowitz , the former chairman of the defence policy board , richard perle , and the white house chief of staff , karl rove - the main proponents of the war in iraq - served in combat ( combined ) .	range rover sport window tints	steve .... proud range rover sport owner ( with rear tints )
notoriously	karl rove , bush 's most senior advisor , notoriously told republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms to " run on the war . "
midterms	karl rove , bush 's most senior advisor , notoriously told republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms to " run on the war . "	the invasion of iraq provided marvelous political cover for the gop not only during those midterms , but during the 2004 presidential election .	the abramoff scandal threatens to subsume all the hard - fought gop gains in congress , and the 2006 midterms are less than a year away .
abramoff	the answer lies in one now - familiar name : jack abramoff .	the abramoff scandal threatens to subsume all the hard - fought gop gains in congress , and the 2006 midterms are less than a year away .
subsume	the abramoff scandal threatens to subsume all the hard - fought gop gains in congress , and the 2006 midterms are less than a year away .
unavoidable	all arguments that the bush administration would be insane to attack iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth .
graydon	by graydon carter ( excepted from " what we 've lost " , published by little brown )
excepted	by graydon carter ( excepted from " what we 've lost " , published by little brown )	back to my poor rating - i was excepted to medical school and went in to cancel my membership as i was told i could do since i was moving away .
68.4	68.4 - average number of species added to the endangered and threatened species list each year between 1991 and 2000 .
408	408 - number of species that could be extinct by 2050 if the global - warming trend continues .	( 713 ) 853-7408
2050	408 - number of species that could be extinct by 2050 if the global - warming trend continues .
paragraphs	1 - number of paragraphs devoted to global warming in the epa 's 600 - page " draft report on the environment " presented in 2003 .
ratify	68 - number of days after taking office that bush decided not to ratify the kyoto protocol , the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012 .	i do nt know what it is , but since a very young age i have had a strange but very gratifying urge to torture or maime animals .
5.2	68 - number of days after taking office that bush decided not to ratify the kyoto protocol , the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012 .
reneged	53 - number of days after taking office that bush reneged on his campaign promise to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from power plants .	the pakistani army was rife with elements protective of the taliban , and the new military government reneged on the deal .
rollbacks	200 - number of regulation rollbacks downgrading or weakening environmental laws in bush 's first three years in office .	50 = approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the bush administration on fridays after 5 pm , a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience .
downgrading	200 - number of regulation rollbacks downgrading or weakening environmental laws in bush 's first three years in office .
appointees	31 - number of bush administration appointees who are alumni of the energy industry ( includes four cabinet secretaries , the six most powerful white house officials , and more than 20 other high - level appointees ) .	79 - number of bush 's initial 189 appointees who also served in his father 's administration .
injurious	50 = approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the bush administration on fridays after 5 pm , a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience .
widest	50 = approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the bush administration on fridays after 5 pm , a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience .
polluters	50 - percentage decline in environmental protection agency enforcement actions against polluters under bush 's watch .
3.7	if you have any questions or require any assistance at all , please contact hope duncan at 202.739.0134 or jeff mangold at 703.729.2710 .	$ 3.7 m - amount the epa valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the bush administration .	additionally we tried the logan circle roll , spicy crab and tuna roll , and sweet potato tempura roll ( $ 15 , $ 10 , and $ 3.75 respectively ) .
environmentalists	0 - number of environmentalists asked to attend cheney 's energy task force meetings .
mountaintop	300 - number of clean water act violations by the mountaintop - mining industry in 2003 .
750,000	750,000 - tons of toxic waste the us military , the world 's biggest polluter , generates around the world each year .	aep $ 19,250,000 $ 38,750,000	totals $ 22,750,000 $ 40,000,000
polluter	50 - percentage decline in environmental protection agency enforcement actions against polluters under bush 's watch .	750,000 - tons of toxic waste the us military , the world 's biggest polluter , generates around the world each year .	$ 3.8 bn - amount in the superfund trust fund for toxic site clean - ups in 1995 , the year " polluter pays " fees expired .
3.8	the call in number is 800.713.8600 .	the call in number is 800.713.8600 .	$ 3.8 bn - amount in the superfund trust fund for toxic site clean - ups in 1995 , the year " polluter pays " fees expired .	$ 23.8 b - amount the united states spent on international aid and diplomacy in 2002 .	kevin a. boone accenture -- houston consultant -- energy ( octel ) 713.837.1638 ( client ) 281.848.1619 ( c ) 713.306.7940 ( h ) 713.864.4149 kevin.a.boone@accenture.com	chris abel manager , risk controls global risk operations chris.abel@enron.com < mailto:chris.abel@enron.com > 713.853.3102
superfund	$ 3.8 bn - amount in the superfund trust fund for toxic site clean - ups in 1995 , the year " polluter pays " fees expired .	$ 0 - amount of uncommitted dollars in the superfund trust fund for toxic site clean - ups in 2003 .	22 - asbestos levels at ground zero were 22 times higher than the levels in libby , montana , where the w r grace mine produced one of the worst superfund disasters in us history .
uncommitted	$ 0 - amount of uncommitted dollars in the superfund trust fund for toxic site clean - ups in 2003 .
unheeded	270 - estimated number of court decisions citing federal negligence in endangered - species protection that remained unheeded during the first year of the bush administration .
ailments	78 - percentage of workers at ground zero who now suffer from lung ailments .
qa'ida	1 - number of bush administration public statements on national security issued between 20 january 2001 and 10 september 2001 that mentioned al - qa'ida .	14 - number of immigration and naturalisation service ( ins ) agents assigned to track down 1,200 known illegal immigrants in the united states from countries where al - qa'ida is active .	680 - number of suspected al - qa'ida members that the united states admits are detained at guantanamo bay , cuba .
bandar	$ 1 m - estimated value of a painting the bush presidential library in college station , texas , received from prince bandar , saudi arabia 's ambassador to the united states and bush family friend .
1,700	1,700 - percentage increase between 2001 and 2002 of saudi arabian spending on public relations in the united states .
naturalisation	14 - number of immigration and naturalisation service ( ins ) agents assigned to track down 1,200 known illegal immigrants in the united states from countries where al - qa'ida is active .
legalised	$ 5 m - amount a 1996 federal commission was given to study legalised gambling .
linguists	7 - number of arabic linguists fired by the us army between mid-august and mid-october 2002 for being gay .
mid-october	7 - number of arabic linguists fired by the us army between mid-august and mid-october 2002 for being gay .
rumsfeld	0 - number of minutes that president bush , vice - president dick cheney , the defence secretary , donald rumsfeld , the assistant defence secretary , paul wolfowitz , the former chairman of the defence policy board , richard perle , and the white house chief of staff , karl rove - the main proponents of the war in iraq - served in combat ( combined ) .	1983 - the year in which donald rumsfeld , ronald reagan 's special envoy to the middle east , gave saddam hussein a pair of golden spurs as a gift .	2.5 - number of hours after rumsfeld learnt that osama bin laden was a suspect in the 11 september attacks that he brought up reasons to " hit " iraq .	$ 4 b - actual monthly cost of the us military presence in iraq according to secretary of defence rumsfeld in 2004 .	the american - arab discrimination committee is suing condoleeza rice and donald rumsfeld , charging that they mismanaged the evacuation efforts .	rumsfeld , wolfowitz and feith staffed the cpa with neoconservatives , most of whom had no administrative experience , no arabic , and no respect for muslim culture ( or knowledge about it ) .	the supreme court announced its ruling today in hamdan v. rumsfeld divided along idelogical lines with john roberts abstaining due to his involvement at the d.c. circuit level and anthony kennedy joining the liberals in a 5 - 3 decision that is 185 pages long .	rumsfeld initially rejected an attack on al - qaeda bases in afghanistan , saying there were " no good targets " in afghanistan .	neither did cheney , rumsfeld , or wolfowitz .
wolfowitz	0 - number of minutes that president bush , vice - president dick cheney , the defence secretary , donald rumsfeld , the assistant defence secretary , paul wolfowitz , the former chairman of the defence policy board , richard perle , and the white house chief of staff , karl rove - the main proponents of the war in iraq - served in combat ( combined ) .	rumsfeld , wolfowitz and feith staffed the cpa with neoconservatives , most of whom had no administrative experience , no arabic , and no respect for muslim culture ( or knowledge about it ) .	wolfowitz contradicted counter-terrorism czar richard clarke when the latter spoke of the al - qaeda threat , insisting that the preeminent threat of terrorism against the us came from iraq , and indicating he accepted laurie mylroie 's crackpot conspiracy theory that saddam was behind the 1993 world trade towers bombing .	wolfowitz lied to him and said that there was a 10 to 50 % chance that iraq was behind them .	neither did cheney , rumsfeld , or wolfowitz .
perle	0 - number of minutes that president bush , vice - president dick cheney , the defence secretary , donald rumsfeld , the assistant defence secretary , paul wolfowitz , the former chairman of the defence policy board , richard perle , and the white house chief of staff , karl rove - the main proponents of the war in iraq - served in combat ( combined ) .
401.3	$ 401.3 b - proposed military budget for 2004 .
saviour	saviour of iraq
2.5	grand hyatt hotel 1000 h street nw washington dc 20001 phone : 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax : 202.637.4781 website : http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html	2.5 - number of hours after rumsfeld learnt that osama bin laden was a suspect in the 11 september attacks that he brought up reasons to " hit " iraq .	i spoke with mike collins [ 203-719-8385 ( phone ) and 203-719-7031 ( fax ) ] who conrfirmed to me that the cap included the remaining 2.5 + million remaining shares .	teco tap 32.500 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron
waxman	237 - minimum number of misleading statements on iraq made by top bush administration officials between 2002 and january 2004 , according to the california representative henry waxman .
80,000	$ 80,000 - amount an iraqi firm spent ( using saddam 's confiscated funds ) to build the same factory , after delays prevented the american firm from starting it .
4.7	$ 4.7 b - total value of contracts awarded to halliburton in iraq and afghanistan .	4.7 m - number of bankruptcies that were declared during bush 's first three years in office .	john staikos direct dial :? 203.961.7523 direct fax :? 203.674.7723 e-mail :? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com	in london , the price of brent north sea crude for november delivery advanced 53 cents to 64.73 dollars .
bechtel	$ 680 m - estimated value of iraq reconstruction contracts awarded to bechtel .	$ 2.8 b - value of bechtel corp contracts in iraq .
2.8	$ 2.8 b - value of bechtel corp contracts in iraq .
potable	92 - percentage of iraq 's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2002 .	60 - percentage of iraq 's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2003 .
coffins	0 - number of coffins of dead soldiers returning home that the bush administration has permitted to be photographed .
outfitting	$ 60 m - estimated cost of outfitting those 40,000 soldiers with interceptor vests .
humvees	87 - percentage of humvees in iraq not equipped with armour capable of stopping ak - 47 rounds and protecting against roadside bombs and landmines at the end of 2003 .
landmines	87 - percentage of humvees in iraq not equipped with armour capable of stopping ak - 47 rounds and protecting against roadside bombs and landmines at the end of 2003 .
3.29	$ 3.29 - average amount allocated per person nationwide in the first round of homeland security grants .
94.40	$ 94.40 - amount allocated per person for homeland security in american samoa .
5.87	$ 5.87 - amount allocated per person in new york city .
77.92	$ 77.92 - amount allocated per person in new haven , connecticut , home of yale university , bush 's alma mater .
22,600	22,600 - number of planes carrying unscreened cargo that fly into new york each month .
unscreened	22,600 - number of planes carrying unscreened cargo that fly into new york each month .
5.5	$ 5.5 b - estimated cost to secure fully us ports over the next decade .
budgeted	$ 46 m - amount the bush administration has budgeted for port security in 2005 .
pathogens	0 - number of new drugs or vaccines against " priority pathogens " listed by the centres for disease control that have been developed and introduced since 11 september 2001 .
advantaged	giving a hand up to the advantaged
10.9	$ 10.9 m - average wealth of the members of bush 's original 16 - person cabinet .	our price : $ 10.99 to 12.99 petsmart !
42,000	this is now my fourth week and i have made a total of $ 42,000.00 and it 's still coming rapidly .	$ 42,000 - average savings members of bush 's cabinet received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes .
mccallum	10 - number of fellow members from the yale secret society skull and bones that bush has named to important positions ( including the associate attorney general robert mccallum jr. and sec chief bill donaldson ) .
bundling	( participants pledged to raise at least $ 100,000 by bundling together cheques of up to $ 1,000 from friends and family .
cheques	( participants pledged to raise at least $ 100,000 by bundling together cheques of up to $ 1,000 from friends and family .	pioneers were assigned numbers , which were included on all cheques , enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how much . )
bankruptcies	4.7 m - number of bankruptcies that were declared during bush 's first three years in office .	your education ( the more the better ) and your past work history , combined with a clean fbi and state police record , and a satisfactory financial history ( no bankruptcies or large outstanding debts in the usa ) are all taken into consideration .
489	$ 489 b - the us trade deficit in 2003 , the worst in history for a single year .
5.6	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	$ 5.6 t - projected national surplus forecast by the end of the decade when bush took office in 2001 .
7.22	$ 7.22 t - us national debt by mid-2004 .
mid-2004	$ 7.22 t - us national debt by mid-2004 .
30,858	$ 30,858 - amount bush himself saved in taxes in 2003 .
9.3	cindy franklin transportation services work : 832.676.3177 fax : 832.676.1329 pager : 1.888.509.3736	wyndham washington dc 1400 m street nw washington , dc 20005 phone : 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 fax : 202.785.0786 website : http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm	9.3 m - number of us unemployed in april 2004 .
2.3	2.3 m - number of americans who lost their jobs during first three years of the bush administration .
34.6	34.6 m - number of americans living below the poverty line ( 1 in 8 of the population ) .
6.8	6.8 m - number of people in the workforce but still classified as poor .	new york 's main contract , light sweet crude for delivery in november rose 60 cents to close at 66.80 dollars per barrel .
1e	18 - percentage of wealth in britain held by the richest 1e per cent of the population .
stockholders	$ 60 b - loss to enron stockholders , following the largest bankruptcy in us history .
59,339	$ 59,339 - amount the bush campaign reimbursed enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign .
lawman	george bush : lawman
abstinence	33 - percentage of the $ 15 bn bush pledged to fight aids in africa that must go to abstinence - only programmes .
handcuffed	22 - number of hours prisoners were handcuffed , shackled , and made to wear surgical masks , earmuffs , and blindfolds during their flight to guantanamo .
shackled	22 - number of hours prisoners were handcuffed , shackled , and made to wear surgical masks , earmuffs , and blindfolds during their flight to guantanamo .
earmuffs	22 - number of hours prisoners were handcuffed , shackled , and made to wear surgical masks , earmuffs , and blindfolds during their flight to guantanamo .
blindfolds	22 - number of hours prisoners were handcuffed , shackled , and made to wear surgical masks , earmuffs , and blindfolds during their flight to guantanamo .
mid-2003	24 - number of prisoners in mid-2003 being monitored by psychiatrists in guantanamo 's new mental ward .
psychiatrists	24 - number of prisoners in mid-2003 being monitored by psychiatrists in guantanamo 's new mental ward .
43.6	43.6 m - number of americans without health insurance by the end of 2002 ( more than 15 per cent of the population ) .
2.4	benjamin james - at 12.45 pm - 3 lbs 4 ozs	toby william - 12.46 pm - 4 lbs	hannah may - 12.48 pm - 3 lbs 15 ozs .	wyndham washington dc 1400 m street nw washington , dc 20005 phone : 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 fax : 202.785.0786 website : http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm	from : george walker bush 202.456.1414 / 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461	george walker bush switchboard : 202.456.1414 comments : 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461 e-mail : presid...@whitehouse.gov	2.4 m - number of americans who lost their health insurance during bush 's first year in office .
2,500	maria valdes superior $ 62,500	2,500 - number of public - diplomacy officers employed by the state department to further the image of the us abroad in 1991 .
23.8	$ 23.8 b - amount the united states spent on international aid and diplomacy in 2002 .
indonesians	85 - percentage of indonesians who had an unfavourable image of the united states in 2003 .
unfavourable	85 - percentage of indonesians who had an unfavourable image of the united states in 2003 .
endorsements	second - party endorsements
kennebunkport	500 - number of days bush has spent all or part of his time away from the white house at his ranch in crawford , texas , his parents ' retreat in kennebunkport , maine , or camp david as of 1 april 2004 .
midterm	karl rove , bush 's most senior advisor , notoriously told republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms to " run on the war . "	the invasion of iraq provided marvelous political cover for the gop not only during those midterms , but during the 2004 presidential election .	the abramoff scandal threatens to subsume all the hard - fought gop gains in congress , and the 2006 midterms are less than a year away .	52 - percentage of votes cast during the 2002 midterm elections that were recorded by election systems & software , the largest voting - technology firm , a big republican donor .
re-election	$ 185 m - amount raised by the bush - cheney 2004 re-election campaign , to the end of march 2004 .
raisers	268 number of bush - cheney fund - raisers who had earned pioneer status ( by raising $ 100,000 each ) as of march 2004 .	187 - number of bush - cheney fund - raisers who had earned ranger status ( by raising $ 200,000 each ) as of march 2004 .
64.2	$ 64.2 m - the amount pioneers and rangers had raised for bush - cheney as of march 2004 .
wmds	22 - percentage of americans who believed in may 2003 that saddam had used his wmds on us forces .
evangelicals	70 m - estimated number of americans who describe themselves as evangelicals who accept jesus christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the bible as the direct word of god .	23 m - number of evangelicals who voted for bush in 2000 .
ugh	ugh my dad is so stupid ... he just does n't understand anything !	ugh !!
ohh	he 's always like " ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours , i wish i had mine ! " and he is n't even joking .
dads	yep , the females are just getting to him ... dads ..
equine	equine collages uk need help !!!?	equine psychology
collages	equine collages uk need help !!!?	can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 ( degrees or foundation degrees ) in either :
!!!?	equine collages uk need help !!!?	ten points !!!!!!!!!!?	i need help with my syrian hamster !!!?	can i have some indoor pet ideas please !!!!!!!!!!!!!?
hartpury	no one employs people from hartpury because of what they received on work experience .	hartpury college ( i think that is the name , but if you type it in it should come up with an alternative suggestion ) , in gloucestershire .
merrist	merrist wood ( i 'm there on a nvq equine course ) do hnd in equine management .	merrist wood in woking in surrey .
nvq	merrist wood ( i 'm there on a nvq equine course ) do hnd in equine management .
hnd	merrist wood ( i 'm there on a nvq equine course ) do hnd in equine management .
ucas	your best bet is to look on ucas and do a course search .	go onto the ucas website , go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do .
woking	merrist wood in woking in surrey .
moreton	moreton morrell in coventry , warwickshire
morrell	moreton morrell in coventry , warwickshire
pacquiao	besides from pacquiao , what else is the philipines famous for ?
philipines	besides from pacquiao , what else is the philipines famous for ?
hookers	cheap hookers	the apartment across from mine belonged to a gang of hookers .
undesirable	you should n't ask this question it 's intimidating , if i tell you what people knows about philippines you will blush , thank god many thinks i 'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself , the way i talk and treat people , and the way i dress , so if you do n't want nasty , insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius , caloy , gro science , and irene .
puttagenius	you should n't ask this question it 's intimidating , if i tell you what people knows about philippines you will blush , thank god many thinks i 'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself , the way i talk and treat people , and the way i dress , so if you do n't want nasty , insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius , caloy , gro science , and irene .
caloy	you should n't ask this question it 's intimidating , if i tell you what people knows about philippines you will blush , thank god many thinks i 'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself , the way i talk and treat people , and the way i dress , so if you do n't want nasty , insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius , caloy , gro science , and irene .
gro	al - zaman : the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .	the commission said it had no legal grounds for such an exclusion .	someone who called himself abu hafs from the ibn al - khattab brigades ( another new group ) was on al - jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the marines and he sweared that american soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents .	but so was it unlikely that a small group of arab mujahidin would virtually take over afghanistan .	the us chose to ally itself with such groups as the supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq , whose 15,000 - strong badr corps paramilitary was trained by the iranian revolutionary guards .	anti-israeli and pro-palestinian feeling is strong among several major iraqi ideological groups and currents .	secular arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the palestinians , and those in post-saddam iraq are no exception .	despite sept. 11 , the united states still supports the kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price washington is paying to keep pervez musharraf happy .	democrats are spitting mad over attacks on john kerry 's record by the group swift boat veterans for truth .	after asking me which tribe i belong to ( thus assessing my sectarian background ) he started hurling abuses at the shia , calling them persians , majoos ( fire worshippers ) , rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that i ca n't mention here .	i 've read the book - it 's a first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of contra drug connections that led to terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the twig counterintelligence group that ran interference for the contra effort , staffed by covert ops types including ollie north , robert owen , vince cannistaro and buck revell .	in early february , india charged 34 arakan separatists from myanmar with hiding in the landfall islands , part of the andaman islands group ( see end note ) .	but the news of the arakan rebels is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to growing concern in new delhi over the security of the andaman islands .	the andaman sea is a major conduit for this traffic , and the 572 large and small islands that constitute the andaman and nicobar group are a natural transit base .	reports from port blair make it evident that new delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the indian coast guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .	with growing economic and military power , india will be dependent on smaller nations in the region increasingly to maintain regional security .	the arms were said to belong to the ltte and " other terrorist groups " .	the real threat to the andaman islands is the steady building - up of ports and conduits that serve the tamil tigers and a host of less - strong militant groups .	a number of extremist groups , under the cover of the islamist movement , have become active in drug trafficking , gun running and anti-indian activities .	it is widely acknowledged that the pakistani isi has nurtured a number of extremist islamist groups , such as the harkat - ul - jehad - al - islami , in the port city of chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebels from india 's northeast in touch with this terrorist network .	since september 11 , pakistan has been repeatedly accused by afghan and western leaders of harbouring taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections , but at the highest level the us has avoided criticising president pervaiz musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the us catch al qaeda elements inside pakistan .	not only is the army facing serious political fallout , growing anti-americanism and anti-army feeling in the tribal areas but it is also taking heavy casualties - between 400 - 500 pakistani soldiers have been killed in the region since march .	and the moldovan airline used to transport the shipment was blasted by the un in 2003 for smuggling arms to liberia , human rights group amnesty has discovered .	small polygamous groups have existed in the southwestern us under the watchful yet fairly benign eye of authorities ever since a sect known as the fundamentalist latter day saints ( flds ) separated itself from mainstream mormonism in 1890 .	now , flds leader warren jeffs has been added to the fbi 's list of " ten most wanted fugitives , " a move that caps law enforcement 's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years ... [ because of ] the impact that the group 's practices , law enforcement officials say , are having on the most vulnerable within the sect , particularly children and women .	maybe because they hint at a larger conspiracy / network of abusers / satanic underground ?	a rare form of retardation is showing up in that group more than anywhere else in the world .	us outsourcing special ops , intelligence to iraq terror group , intelligence officials say	and mek -- the iranian ( not iraqi ) terror group in question -- is itself unquestionably a cult :	most of the girls i was meeting had grown up in mujahedeen schools in ashraf , where they lived separated from their parents .	the people who carry out these underground arms / drugs / sex trafficking deals are trauma based mind controlled slaves .	the freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?
filipinos	in fact philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country .
expulse	they need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs
dinasaurs	they need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs
texting	being the texting capital of the world .
pros	if someone committed a crime against humanity , prosecute the person .	due to the judge in the 1983 case ruling that a cia agent could not testify using a pseudonym , therefore opening him to cross-examination by wilson , the prosecution had a problem .	the prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from former service in both cia and the ' office of naval intelligence ' .	wilson had been able to show that he 'd had more than 80 " non-social contacts " with the cia since his retirement in 1971 , leaving the prosecution 's case in turmoil .	his delight in killing people became a campaign issue in 2000 when he seemed , in one debate , to enjoy the prospect of executing wrong - doers a little too much .	if these weapons have gone missing it 's a terrifying prospect . "	" it was about how he could humiliate her the most , " prosecutor dean mandros said in closing arguments .	more than ever , police and prosecutors have the tools and the will to go after horrific crimes , even when the defendants are seemingly powerful individuals or institutions .	police and prosecutors have the tools .	funny how some things are squirelled away by well - meaning prosecutors ...	please know that i have yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief , an addict , a dealer , a prostitute , or a violent individual .	in spite of a lot of worry over your career , by the year 's end , you 'll see that 2005 has filled your life with prosperity and accomplishments .	35 - number of countries to which the united states suspended military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving americans immunity from prosecution before the international criminal court .	i 've been given the opportunity to live in limerick , ireland , next year as part of my course .. if you know about limerick , what are the pros and cons ?	know that there are pros and cons to laser sights before you mount them on your wang .	* gasps * so i would n't make a good prostitute ?	i think if you can not afford to get him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect .	real pros	richard joule and the gang are pros from start to finish .	http://www.prosperitypos.com?p=ya
cons	ironically , among the strongest proponents of war in iraq were israeli prime minister ariel sharon and his neoconservative supporters in the us .	the palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the israeli occupation of the gaza strip and the west bank were not driven by economic considerations .	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .	the tigers ' chief ideologue , balasingham , sniffed at the proposal saying that " a solution to the ethnic conflict can not be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences , but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces . "	but kalkat pointed out that india would be ill - advised to be involved again , militarily , with sri lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic tamils in the indian state of tamil nadu - separated from sri lanka 's jaffna peninsula by the narrow palk straits .	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .	in all this so - called controversy , has anyone considered that perhaps george bush just wanted to fly jets ?	for example , did you know that george bush spent considerably more time in uniform than john kerry ?	many iraqis , including conservative and religious iraqis , are surprisingly rooting for the iraqi communist party , probably in an attempt to counter the influence of islamists in the forthcoming national assembly .	the communist party has the largest number of registered party members in the country and can be considered as the oldest popular political party in iraq .	his case threatens the consensus fiction of the " war on terror . "	the andaman sea is a major conduit for this traffic , and the 572 large and small islands that constitute the andaman and nicobar group are a natural transit base .	at the time of his arrest , the suspect was allegedly involved in constructing a " submarine " in a shipyard on the island of sirae near phuket on the andaman sea coast .	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .	for the past 25 years landlocked afghanistan has suffered from constant interference from its neighbours - pakistan , iran and the central asian republics - and regional powers - russia and india .	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .	at a time of heightened tensions between tehran and washington over iran 's nuclear weapons program and calls by neo-conservatives in washington that a second bush term should deal with iran aggressively , the iranians fear that shindand could be used as a listening post , spying facility and even a launching pad for any future us actions against iran .	it is now abundantly clear that with the rapidly changing face of afghanistan , the demise of key northern alliance figures and the fluid political situation in afghanistan , pakistan should reconsider its policy of giving unlimited sanctuary to taliban extremists living on pakistani soil .	the true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that george w. bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life .	goodwyn : the candidate mr. bush was working for , red blount , had gotten rich in alabama in the construction business .	at weekend press conferences in salt lake city and phoenix , fbi and state officials said jeffs " is considered armed and dangerous and may be traveling with armed bodyguards . "	an editorial in the church - owned deseret morning news in salt lake city earlier this year acknowledged that " the state 's history , a conservative belief in free choice , and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet 's nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid - glove approach lawmakers and law - enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities . "	maybe because they hint at a larger conspiracy / network of abusers / satanic underground ?	do you really think gwb , and neocons in general are representative of true followers of jesus of nazareth ?	as i read the letter , i considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it , vs. that of the mind of the man who once said " bring it on ! "	the u.s. and europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder , not the next one .	its so - called moderates and conservatives play their own virtuoso version of the " good - cop versus bad - cop " game .	iran sponsors syrian terrorism , it is certainly behind much of the action in iraq , it is fully funding the hezbollah and , through it , the palestinian hamas and islamic jihad ; it performed acts of terror at least in europe and in south america and probably also in uzbekistan and saudi arabia and it truly leads a multi-national terror consortium , which includes , as minor players , syria , lebanon and certain shiite elements in iraq .	although ramzi binalshibh provided him $ 14,000 in july , accused september 11 conspirator zacarias moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks .	although the details of the documents on mohammed 's computer may ( or may not ) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal , they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings .	there is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to ami , the publisher of the national enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to jennifer lopez enclosing a star of david and proposing marriage .	along with zawahiri , abdel rahman and his two sons have had considerable influence over bin laden .
l.i.t	the l.i.t is so close to moyross , yet again the ppl who talk sh*t about moyross still go there .
moyross	the l.i.t is so close to moyross , yet again the ppl who talk sh*t about moyross still go there .
ppl	but sharon 's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace , and the bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the west bank and gaza .	the reason for this is that india is emerging as an alternative investment destination to china , hence the favor that the generals in islamabad do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving india when in fact the real flashpoints are the taiwan straits and north korea .	it was the young texan 's job to find out what each county leader needed in the way of campaign supplies and get those supplies to them .	perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the ' church - morality ' crowd , which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor , but does n't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation .	they become accomplices , by omission , and this applies to political leaders , intellectuals , business people and many others .	you may also starve it by preventing new blood from reaching it from other parts of the body , thereby preventing new " supplies " from expanding the tumor .	this is a significant strategic change and it applies strong pressure on the terrorist countries .	with regard to a global message , i think that one of the key points around fundamental operating standards are that they are intended to be global in nature , applied to every commodity and every location where we engage in trading activities .	i think it 's a good idea since the provisional application is on file - travis is the internal lawyer who has taken care of the patent application so he will have better ideas for where the words should be placed and appropriate look and feel ( i would guess near the copyright notice and roughly equivalent size ) .	we now have a settlement before the commission that includes ratepayer advocates , commercial and industrial customers , electric generators , marketers , shippers , independent storage providers ,? gas suppliers ,? producers , utilities , aggregators , pipeline companies , wholesale customers , municipalities , and retail mass marketers , among others .?	given the above , if you have adequate protection for the word enron ( which covers the services that you offer on - line as well as your core activities ) , i 'd say that another application for the words enron online is probably unnecessary .	despite the best efforts of it , continuing problems with the as400 application , a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports , and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that i am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to aa to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values .	a risk based debtors review - matching to source documentation , where applicable , and any subsequent post quarter end cash movements	i would like to thank you for personally taking the time to closely review my application .	i would like to come down to austin this spring to meet with you to further discuss my application file and to personally meet you .	if you think of anything else i can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year , please let me know .	also , if you can think of anything else i can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year , please let me know .	also , if you think of anything else i can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year , please let me know .	i just got done looking at the underlying contract language as set forth in the pro forma service agreement in the tariff and it specifically says that the max rate would apply unless a discount or negotiated rate has been agreed to .	my concern with adding the language below is , could it be argued that not everyone knew the rate would or could apply at any point , since we just stated topack and needles and if they knew they might have bid a different rate ??	the application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel .	with divisions , eol does request a new password application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below .	stephanie , i my preference is to kick their password application back and get them to change it to read something like " cargill ferrous international , a division of cargill , inc. " or " cargill , inc. acting through its cargill ferrous international division " .	enron will guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled dispatch period and accept supply to the 15th of each scheduled dispatch period .	my suggestion is that global counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the enrononline password application -- my understanding is that the enrononline team returns inappropriate applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .	in this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on enrononline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining .	with divisions , eol does request a new password application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below .	stephanie , i my preference is to kick their password application back and get them to change it to read something like " cargill ferrous international , a division of cargill , inc. " or " cargill , inc. acting through its cargill ferrous international division " .	obviously the foreign offices have issues that may not apply in the us ( although la. is about as close as you can get to a third world country ) .	on my panel , loretta lynch asked reliant and duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers .	this financing activity was primarily started to help ena secure long term well head and pipeline natural gas supplies to supplement the gas trading desk activities .	9 . in the gtc , the ecp rep should also apply to eesi .
sh*t	the l.i.t is so close to moyross , yet again the ppl who talk sh*t about moyross still go there .
spoilt	limerick 's a great student city , there 's loads on , you 'll be spoilt for choice .
orla	game 14 : friday , august 3 @ 7:30 pm vs. orlando miracle	orla got it in one .	limerick is such a full city , shopping , night life , career choices , social choices , i came here about 12 years ago for college ..... and orla got it spot on , i have n't left , nor would i .	my favorite cuban cafe in orlando
area's	although there is ' bad press ' directing at area's of limerick , but nowhere near the university .
mytouch	my mytouch 4g crashes with most custom roms i install .
4g	my mytouch 4g crashes with most custom roms i install .
roms	my mytouch 4g crashes with most custom roms i install .
miui	i really like the miui , but a process crashes repeatedly about every 3 seconds .
cyanogen	and i ca n't even load the newest version of cyanogen mod .
voided	since september 11 , pakistan has been repeatedly accused by afghan and western leaders of harbouring taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections , but at the highest level the us has avoided criticising president pervaiz musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the us catch al qaeda elements inside pakistan .	but it can not be avoided .	not by the company ... as you voided your warrenty by installing custom roms	my wife and i avoided doing some fairly simple electrical re-wiring in our home for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved .
warrenty	not by the company ... as you voided your warrenty by installing custom roms
cynangon	cynangon mod should work .
clockwork	have you tried using clockwork recovery ?
cynagon	get the older version of cynagon mod .
bugless	also you could use a stable rom like bugless beast and baked snake .
adw	i would recommend go launcher or adw launcher .	currently , i am writing a book on natural supplements to aid weight loss , with harry preuss , md , a professor of medicine at georgetown university ; it is scheduled for publication by broadway ( random house ) in january 2007 .	up roadways buses ply frequently between sector - 37 crossing in noida and kasna in greater noida , passing through pari chowk .
penines	are the moors and penines in yorkshire a lonely eerie place ?	i ve never been to the yorkshire moors or penines at all ... i can see the penines in the far distance from my bedroom window .
farmlands	they can be bleak and eerie , often very exposed , often covered with antiquities like bronze age burial mounds , stone circles and settlements -- until late in the bronze age they were rich farmlands , then a change in the climate caused the skies to cloud over and rain to wash the goodness from the soil .
moorland	the people abandoned their farms and religious sites and the ground they stood on became moorland .
wildflowers	they can also be very beautiful when the purple heather is out , and they are habitat to much wildlife and many species of wildflowers .
appy	the overwhelming majority of muslims in kashmir would be happy with such an outcome , except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the u.s. state department and the pakistan army , which would like to even the score with india for their catastrophic defeat in bangladesh in 1971 .	despite sept. 11 , the united states still supports the kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price washington is paying to keep pervez musharraf happy .	authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about posada 's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug .	i 'm happy about this .	what : happy hour for john suarez	i ca n't give out a password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the phone using my password .	needs to go to $ 41 and then i will be happy .	if jeff is happy , i 'm happy .	if jeff is happy , i 'm happy .	ma said she had a great time in houston , she was happy to see yourself , as well as c & d .	and happy new year too !	happy new year , stranger !	in the meantime , we extend our best wishes for a safe and happy holiday season .	( c ) are you happy with the draft letter to beachcrofts i sent you ?	i wish all happy holidays , and moreso , peace on earth .	many large corporations are happy to pay big bucks for quality lists .	if so , this happy band has not been heard from since .	he 's always like " ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours , i wish i had mine ! " and he is n't even joking .	i have a western pleasure appy that s really heavy on her left lead at the lope ?	my appy is very heavy on her left lead at the lope .	be happy you get a bit , many of us never got nothing :)	i am very unhappy here .	well i recently bought the nook color , and i have to say that i am very happy with it .	wishing your husband a happy birthday !	i 'd be happy if someone helps , especially someone who has been to fujairah or lives there . :)	happy hour	and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places , i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go . :d	all horses i 've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive .	my mom told me how to tame them and i was very happy with the results .	we were also just talking about my horse 's crappy feet and he mentioned .	i will be happy if they can serve when food is piping hot .	happy customer
lope	while the indian army has become rock - solid in the western front , and has developed the capability of withstanding any pakistani adventure in that sector , it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector , where its enemy is not a national army but a multitude of secessionist , terrorist and drug - running militants operating between southeast asia and northeastern india through bangladesh .	it is old news that the tamil tigers have developed a strong network within south africa .	sub-cultures ( as the lable implies ) do not develope in a vacuum .	and all of this is happening in a region , which only 30 years ago , was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world , and in a moslem area , which developed , at some point in history , one of the most advanced cultures in the world .	marcelo l. meira sr it developer enron networks - houston , tx ( 713 ) 345-3436	marcelo l. meira sr it developer enron networks - houston , tx ( 713 ) 345-3436	the senior it developer for merchanting has resigned and been sent on gardening leave .	the implementation for sap for the merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on obsf for it merchanting developers .	sara , here are the trader guidelines i developed for uk gas , uk power and nordic power .	the company has developed an entirely new category of products .	the company has developed a unique and innovative delivery mechanism for nutritional products .	usually this happens because the developer of the site can no longer afford the cost of bandwidth being used .	he has encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of different supreme court cases , and he can recite details from memory .	now get 6 u.s. $ 1.00 bills and place one inside of each of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope ( to prevent thievery ) .	next , place one paper in each of the six envelopes and seal them .	you now should have six sealed envelopes , each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase , your name and address , and a $ 1.00 bill .	mail the six envelopes to the following addresses :	so , as each post is downloaded and the directions carefully followed , all members will be reimbursed for their participation as a list developer with one dollar each .	a spanish refugee , antonio perez , visited england in 1593 and became acquainted with francis & anthony bacon , with whom for a time he seems to have been on terms of intimacy , which did not last very long , for the spaniard developed so much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in court circles .	1580 ruy lopez died .	0 - number of new drugs or vaccines against " priority pathogens " listed by the centres for disease control that have been developed and introduced since 11 september 2001 .	i have a western pleasure appy that s really heavy on her left lead at the lope ?	my appy is very heavy on her left lead at the lope .	she seems to lope one stride and trot the next and repeat ...	how could i work with her to get off her four hand , get balance , and lope smoothly and slowly ??	they were sent to our second room and had been opened -- the ribbon - wrapped present , and all 3 envelopes .	however , the result from ordinary least squares was not as expected due to different sign for both slope & intercept .	slope : 0.1171 ( 0.0022 )	therefore i could not estimate the mean reversion rate as the estimated slope has the positive sign .	several years ago i developed a short paper and pencil screening test which , in a small pilot study , discriminated between adhd , ld , and control subjects .	wiki media foundation , the group behind the wikipedia online encyclopedia project , said friday that search giant google has volunteered to host some of its content on company servers .	u.s. astronauts will launch to the moon on sleek , single , shuttle booster rockets and the first new upper - stage rocket this country has developed in more than a decade , nasa and the pentagon have told the white house .
jog	lope her to the left in circles , keep her head to the inside of the circle and push her but out , keep doing this if she breaks to a jog go a little bit bigger circle , till she can get enough balance to go small and small . circles
x940	my new olympus x940 digital camera ... ?	hi everyone .... just hav my hands on my new olympus x940 digital camera .. wel , i always wanted 2 hav one by sony .. but anyways , ended up having olympus x940 from my dad ....... does any1 already has it ?
wel	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .	as a parent , i can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning .	being well - informed will give you certainty and that is desirable in a world of conflicting reports .	his military intelligence has captured major figures like abu zubayda and khalid shaykh muhammad , as well as nearly 500 other al - qaeda operatives , over 400 of whom the pakistanis have turned over to the us .	musharraf held elections in october of 2002 , in which center - right parties did well , but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party coalition , mma .	indeed , given how bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the us , one might well argue that edwards knows more now than bush does .	" the norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the ltte is keenly aware that they do not have the power [ unlike india ] to underwrite any arrangement , " kalkat told ips in an interview .	while most u.s. secretaries of state -- save perhaps dean rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with , few have been as brazen as colin powell .	bill clinton understood this at the end of his term in office yet , under colin powell ( who appears to have an affinity for generals active in politics ) , the pendulum of u.s. policy has once again swung toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the valley of kashmir loose from india .	unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously colin powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the indians made conciliatory gestures toward islamabad .	since then , india has talked peace while always signaling that only the status quo would be acceptable as a final settlement : a line of action that is followed in the case of disputes with china as well .	unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in south asia , pervez musharraf has now called colin powell 's bluff , challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the indians jump to his commands .	once the manmohan singh government shows that it has little appetite for suicide , musharraf will face the moment of truth : accept the inevitable , or once again ramp up the insurgency and spawn a fresh lot of killers that can hit not merely mumbai and new delhi but london and chicago as well .	with colin powell around , the u.s. has no need of an osama bin laden	that was 80 weeks to begin with , and there were other training periods thrown in as well .	and perhaps someday kerry will release more of his military records as well .	he said that they have the training and the funding as well as the support of neighbouring and regional governments .	in addition , ltte activity in the andaman sea is well known to local observers .	'' bush was very well briefed before the meeting , '' the diplomat said .	afghan officials welcomed the appointment on october 3 of lt. general ashfaq kiyani as the new isi chief .	kayani is well known and liked in kabul as during the last year he led the pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the afghan and us military on issues related to border issues .	investigators said the nun , margaret ann pahl , 71 , was strangled and then stabbed , with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross , a well - recognized satanic symbol .	as with christian identity and other hate - related philosophies tied to the aryan nations and the neo-nazi creativity movement , jeffs has preached racism as well .	funny how some things are squirelled away by well - meaning prosecutors ...	one has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people do n't know what they are , do n't care , or know perfectly well .	but to me , without question , they often know perfectly well .	simply , the questions permeate the entire ' western ( mystery ) tradition ' and perhaps ' eastern ' as well , as they relate to the confluence of politics and spirituality .	shall we censor the works of poet charles baudelaire as well ?	a few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a world war , but we are already well into it .	a suicide murder is simply a horrible , vicious weapon of cruel , inhuman , cynical , well - funded terrorists , with no regard to human life , including the life of their fellow countrymen , but with very high regard to their own affluent well - being and their hunger for power .	turkey understands it well .	there are numerous other examples of such orwellian nomenclature , used every day not only by terror chiefs but also by western media .
anyways	hi everyone .... just hav my hands on my new olympus x940 digital camera .. wel , i always wanted 2 hav one by sony .. but anyways , ended up having olympus x940 from my dad ....... does any1 already has it ?	anyways i feed them to my road sometimes .	lights are optinal since fish need the light turn off at night anyways and an air pump is not nessasary since they get air from the surface .	i do know they have already announced a new wii though and i do n't know what sony has said about playstation but again , if you get an xbox ( which i personally think is the best anyways ) you should be set for a while .	i love cuban coffee , colada ... mmmm anyways i found this place and ca n't stop going there , i stop in at least once a week and anytime i 'm in the area for a cuban coffee or snack .	anyways , the mezza luna : you should try it .	i doubt the very few who actually read my blog have not come across this yet , but i figured i would put it out there anyways .	they re probably just drawn for the show anyways .
any1	hi everyone .... just hav my hands on my new olympus x940 digital camera .. wel , i always wanted 2 hav one by sony .. but anyways , ended up having olympus x940 from my dad ....... does any1 already has it ?
gud	is it a gud option for casual / formal functions photography ?????
wht	wht abt its picture quality ???
abt	wht abt its picture quality ???
wud	ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated ....... thanks !!!!!!!
940	in the last decade , there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and , to a certain extent , adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former soviet union ( wi940 ) which should be attributed to the chernobyl accident until proven otherwise .	my new olympus x940 digital camera ... ?	hi everyone .... just hav my hands on my new olympus x940 digital camera .. wel , i always wanted 2 hav one by sony .. but anyways , ended up having olympus x940 from my dad ....... does any1 already has it ?	olympus x - 940 14 megapixel digital camera has filters and can do all sorts of special effects .	namsan tower : http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg	http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/	kevin a. boone accenture -- houston consultant -- energy ( octel ) 713.837.1638 ( client ) 281.848.1619 ( c ) 713.306.7940 ( h ) 713.864.4149 kevin.a.boone@accenture.com
megapixel	olympus x - 940 14 megapixel digital camera has filters and can do all sorts of special effects .	i have a kodak camera ( 10.2 megapixels ) ... kodak af 5x optical lens ... how do i pause it while recording ?	i have a kodak camera ( 10.2 megapixels ) ... kodak af 5x optical lens ... how do i pause it while recording ?
nikon	just want to ask .. i have an nikon dslr .. i m wondering why if i zoom my picture zoom like almost 200 - 300 percent .. i can see some dead pixel ... is there something wrong with my camera body ?
dslr	just want to ask .. i have an nikon dslr .. i m wondering why if i zoom my picture zoom like almost 200 - 300 percent .. i can see some dead pixel ... is there something wrong with my camera body ?	here 's a dslr buying guide - http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/
exposures	there should be a pixel mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them , most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels , some only show up on long exposures .
.???	i have posted this question on the nz visa site and ca n't get any info , does anyone know .???
preferable	that would be preferable but it does n't matter , could be something similar	i think this is actually a good thing -- makes our proposal look like a much more preferable alternative by comparison , makes our support in the process more important , and sets harvey up as the ralph nader equivalent in the election to fix california 's broken system --- a potential spoiler .
dine	has anyone read the letter purportedly from ahmadinejad to george bush ?	in chicago , what is the best restaurant to dine at on a budget ?	if you 'd rather dine at home , simply call in your order with our take - out service .	there are so many wonderful great places to dine in houston .... do n't . waste your time here .	i 'm very happy and will definitely dine in and carry out again .	i 've dined at lots of high - end restaurants and i 've never before felt my money was so well spent .	we were introduced to bistro tallulah by traveler - professional diner who happens to own the adelphi hotel and travels the world -- and residing in paris , london , new york the rest of the year .	i was just in last night and had a chance to dine in their new dining room .	then again , for the three of us who dined together , two pieces of flatbread left us fighting for more , and licking the hummus from our fingers ( and yes , those two pieces of flatbread did represent a three - person order ) .	worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the rudest person i have ever met .	even the least discriminating diner would know not to eat at sprecher 's .
!!!!!!!!!!!!	best place ever !!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	thank you !!!!!!!!!!!!! :d	they are awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	juno and open i love you guys !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	real christian of you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	can i have some indoor pet ideas please !!!!!!!!!!!!!?	so go and get dancing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	the teaching there sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	all of the teachers there are so mean they get mad at you for nothing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
appetizers	you can order appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner .	$ 4 appetizers	pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time i go there i 'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree .
coupons	but the best way is to use coupons .	they do n't take coupons .	they have all kind of coupons available for car washes , oil changes , state inspection , etc .	go to the website for coupons and join the club - you can get free parking .	will be a repeat customer with discount coupons .
http://www.restaurant.com	check out http://www.restaurant.com lots of restaurants you can look at the menu and check out prices .
unresponsive	i found a poor little mouse walking around in my friend s house , and since i was able to catch it very easily ( normally mice move at the speed of light ) , and since it was acting unresponsive , i thought it was infected with mouse poison , since my friend uses it .
dears	i just hate to see the poor dears experience a slow painful death that way :( .
:(	i just hate to see the poor dears experience a slow painful death that way :( .	i did n't get to read the answers lol :(	i want to save up for a canon t3i , around 750 - 800 + :(	i love her and want to help her but i do n't know when i 'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help .	first of all , i am very sorry to hear you 're having this issue with your cat . :(	so i kept reading and then i saw the dates , it was from mid day friday and arriving home mid day monday . :(	like seriously !! >:(	he was in his 30s divorced and had 2 kids .. but we both flirted horribly with each other .. but neither one of us took the chance and asked to other on a date . :(	i had sonic in many other palces but for some reason this sonic is always just covered in grease and not good ... :(	queso should not be watery :( .....	will someone plz help me it 's due wensday !?!?! :(
crayola	crayola air - dry clay ?	i do n't have much money so i bought crayola air - dry clay .
giraffes	she loves giraffes and homemade things !
giraffe	she loves giraffes and homemade things !	i am very artistic so i decided i was going to make her a giraffe sculpture .	i have sculpted the giraffe laying down .	2 . what kind of paint do i use to paint the giraffe ?
kiln	3 . is there any cheap way to give it a shine like i made it in a kiln ?
armatures	air dry clay works on armatures , the clay has a minor shrink percent , so you can leave the wire armature inside , paint with acrylic paint
armature	air dry clay works on armatures , the clay has a minor shrink percent , so you can leave the wire armature inside , paint with acrylic paint
acrylic	air dry clay works on armatures , the clay has a minor shrink percent , so you can leave the wire armature inside , paint with acrylic paint	if you wish to pick eggs make a acrylic spawning mop .
forida	i have a 3 - 4 month old kitten and i live in forida .
mitten	we took our cat mitten camping .
0nside	but he was an inside / outside cat ( only one i owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats ) .
cleaners	what cleaners should i use for dusting around my parakeet ?	what cleaners can i use to dust around my budgie .
parakeet	what cleaners should i use for dusting around my parakeet ?	if you must use a cleaner , pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your parakeet in is well ventilated .	i have had parakeets for a very long time , and i use pledge .	is a finch or a parakeet better ?	please choose the parakeet ...	a couple of months after i got parakeets / budgies .	when choosing a parakeet look for a young one .	i would recommend that you get two parakeets .	if you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that i used to tame them .	honestly they have worked for me twice with my parakeets .	and that s my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch .	a parakeet is friendlier	i have a parakeet named cookie . :p	i would like to invite you to come to a site where you can hear talking parakeets that are not just mimicking , but actually talking in sophisticated conversational language .
budgie	what cleaners can i use to dust around my budgie .	3 weeks old baby budgie alone at night ?	i have a 3 week old baby budgie and i noticed that his / her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night .	a couple of months after i got parakeets / budgies .	http://www.budgieresearch.com
swiffer	your best bet would just be a swiffer duster -- they do n't require cleaner .
duster	in early june 2003 , a central intelligence agency ( " cia " ) report publicly disclosed that the reason for mohammed atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	ksm explained that moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by us - trained biochemist and al qaeda operative , malaysian yazid sufaat .	usda employee johnelle bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .	the crop dusters were to be part of a " second wave . "	in early june 2003 , a cia report concluded that the reason for atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	it has long been known osama bin laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents ( since the testimony of millennium bomber ahmed ressam ) .	your best bet would just be a swiffer duster -- they do n't require cleaner .
ventilated	if you must use a cleaner , pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your parakeet in is well ventilated .
parakeets	i have had parakeets for a very long time , and i use pledge .	a couple of months after i got parakeets / budgies .	i would recommend that you get two parakeets .	honestly they have worked for me twice with my parakeets .	i would like to invite you to come to a site where you can hear talking parakeets that are not just mimicking , but actually talking in sophisticated conversational language .
diapers	even a cotton cloth ( i like diapers ) that is barely damp w water will work fine .	there is a splash fountain ( no standing water ) for little ones still in diapers ; next is a wading pool for those who are potty trained ; then a family pool ; finally there is a pool for adults only with kids not allowed .
micro-fiber	swiffer or any type of micro-fiber cloth is excellent .
softener	i use miracle cloth , they 're fantastic , just do n't use fabric softener or dryer sheets when cleaning them , it ruins their " grabbing " ability .
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemid=1361&itemtype=product&path=1%2c3%2c477&iproductid=1361	http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemid=1361&itemtype=product&path=1%2c3%2c477&iproductid=1361 if anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird .
injure	bobby is a member of a bicycle team , while cycling this weekend , he and other members of his team were injured by a truck .?	there was one death in the injured group and the others with major injuries .?	http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemid=1361&itemtype=product&path=1%2c3%2c477&iproductid=1361 if anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird .	i found an injured pure white bird ( dove i guess ? )	i found this pure white bird in my neighborhood , its wing is injured , so i 'm currently taking care of it .
rp	mr. murph archibald ( nephew of red blount ) : well , i was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid-evenings .	rp : is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid ... ?
haha	i do n't want them to commit suicide or something haha	my birthday is in november and i get about .... 150 or more since i hate my dad s family .. haha	i 'm 5 ' 3 - 4 " and am 21 well will be in nov and my horse is 14.2 hh and she 's perfect size for me i can hop right on with no mounting block ..... only with a saddle though haha i ca n't bareback , not yet	iw ould just stick him in the tank and let your snake have a nice hunt for once , snakes jaws detach for this sort of this thing , so why not give her a good hunt , but if you do want him knock him i d just throw him against the wall or something ,, lol i do nt know , i agree with you though throw him , haha	they sometimes do nt get along ( you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though , two girls tend to fight a lot .	and it seems this is the first site of ragnarok 2 hahaha since the site is new send me your suggestions and comments	hahaha
saaaaaam	i emailed you saaaaaam .
!?	" there 's no tracking mechanism in place " ?!?!?	equine collages uk need help !!!?	it 's not me is it !?	ten points !!!!!!!!!!?	i need help with my syrian hamster !!!?	please help !?	need advice !?	help !?	is there no other verizon to go to around downtown / dupont circle 1?!?!?	so what was the point of the appointment !?!	to just come over and hang out ?!?	i 'm no detective but ... uhh ... seriously ?!?	it s prettty much the same $$$ , please advice !?????!!!!	what is this irish tune called !?	will someone plz help me it 's due wensday !?!?! :(	my hamster escaped .... need help now !?	can i have some indoor pet ideas please !!!!!!!!!!!!!?
d:	i 'm mostly joking when i talk about suicide and really i 'm not that stupid i just get in stupid situations d:
guz	i guz what lol
whoooooo	whoooooo ?
=(	sorry but i ca n't help my stupidity =(
gpa	and their gpa was better than mine ....
rep.	can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep. ireland and put a irish pay , go dongle in it ?
dongle	can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep. ireland and put a irish pay , go dongle in it ?	i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland , would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall ?	if in dongle you mean usb stick then yes usb sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question .
normall	this attempt is normally referred to as mysticism .	i found a poor little mouse walking around in my friend s house , and since i was able to catch it very easily ( normally mice move at the speed of light ) , and since it was acting unresponsive , i thought it was infected with mouse poison , since my friend uses it .	i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland , would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall ?	seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream .	cafes and restaurants rarely use the same cutlery for different food groups anyway , they normally have blue for bakery items , red for cooked meat , brown for raw meat , etc - all for food preparation and hygiene policies .	for them , dating would normally be meeting in groups or parties , then pairing off .	they are normally quiet and it is easy to take care of them .	i normally do n't write reviews but seeing that i considered dillards a distinguished , upscale place to shop , this one wo n't be getting my business , nor my family 's , nor my co-workers .	i ordered 1000 postcards , we normally order 5000 or more .	alteration of the mississippi river and the destruction of wetlands at its mouth have left the area around new orleans abnormally vulnerable to the forces of nature .	your camera is n't acting normally , you got warranty , let canon deal with it .
acer	but word of advice if you 're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure it s a good brand a not something like dell , acer , asus , emachines etc .
asus	but word of advice if you 're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure it s a good brand a not something like dell , acer , asus , emachines etc .
emachines	but word of advice if you 're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure it s a good brand a not something like dell , acer , asus , emachines etc .
breeder	you could move all the babies into a fry net breeder or move all of the bigger fish ( also the parents ) to a different tank to avoid the babies getting eaten .	great experience - consider checking out their puppies before buying from a breeder !	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.crab , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum , alt.animals.dolphins , alt.animals.eagle.bald , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.falcon	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits
flakes	feed the babies 3 - 4 times a day with flakes .	some parents would not eat there fish till a certain age jack dempsey for example would not eat there offspring till they mature but i would move the baby fish into a smaller tank and feed them flakes	i aspire to your feeding regime , flakes early and something live later in the day .	they have crushed red pepper flakes and oregano .
overcrowded	it s natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded .	sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is never overcrowded .
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	so go and get dancing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	the teaching there sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!?	ten points !!!!!!!!!!?	can i have some indoor pet ideas please !!!!!!!!!!!!!?
!!!!!!!!!!!	best place ever !!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!	thank you !!!!!!!!!!!!! :d	they are awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	juno and open i love you guys !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	real christian of you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	can i have some indoor pet ideas please !!!!!!!!!!!!!?	so go and get dancing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	the teaching there sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	all of the teachers there are so mean they get mad at you for nothing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	thank you !!!!!!!!!!!!! :d	they are awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	juno and open i love you guys !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	real christian of you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	can i have some indoor pet ideas please !!!!!!!!!!!!!?	so go and get dancing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	the teaching there sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	all of the teachers there are so mean they get mad at you for nothing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:d	thank you !!!!!!!!!!!!! :d	only in comic books and sci - fi tv shows / movies ... :d	and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places , i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go . :d	[ no homo ] :d	portillo 's or white castle ! :d	that place did n't stay open too long :d	because he liked making statues of david ! :d
(:	scroll down and this website shows each thing you can buy (:	yes , i know about the kindle fire but that 's not what i want (: does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars ?	please specify which royal or carnival ship (:	fun picture websites (: ?	thank you (:
http://www.playatmcd.com/en-us/main/gameboard	http://www.playatmcd.com/en-us/main/gameboard
peels	4 peels :	2 peels :
mcnuggets	- 20 piece chicken mcnuggets	- 10 piece chicken mcnuggets
mccafe	- mccafe drink
filet	- filet - o - fish
mcmuffin	- egg mcmuffin , sausage
oatmeal	- fruit & maple oatmeal
beardies	i v owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the time .. they do nt go hard lik eneedle hard but they ar nt pillow soft .
ovr	i v owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the time .. they do nt go hard lik eneedle hard but they ar nt pillow soft .
yrs	( '' we have three generations of martyrs : grandmothers , mothers , daughters . '' )	little children are raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so - called martyrs , and the western world does not notice it because its own tv sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows .	it was widely published among the militant islamists that martyrs go to paradise " in the hearts of green birds . "	osama bin laden later invoked the symbolism in his video " the 19 martyrs . "	in a hadith the messenger of allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the paradise .	i could n't say no ... so nicki ( the little girl - 10 yrs. old ) and i waited for the bus .	i v owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the time .. they do nt go hard lik eneedle hard but they ar nt pillow soft .	hi , i am a dog trainer for 25 yrs .	worst place flour tortillas are always hard the beef enchiladas are discussing meat all over cooked was good many yrs ago but restaurant has gone down hill
lik	the moi in iraq is equivalent to the us fbi , so this would be like having j. edgar hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	in baghdad kadhim talal husain , assistant dean at the school of education at mustansiriyah university , was assassinated with his driver in the salikh district .	( this is a largely sunni arab clan , and some sunni observers have accused shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination ; it is more likely the work of sunni arab guerrillas punishing the batawi leaders for cooperating with the dec. 15 elections . )	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .	his military intelligence has captured major figures like abu zubayda and khalid shaykh muhammad , as well as nearly 500 other al - qaeda operatives , over 400 of whom the pakistanis have turned over to the us .	all this is highly unlikely , as with most al - qaeda crackpot schemes .	but so was it unlikely that a small group of arab mujahidin would virtually take over afghanistan .	certainly , the shiites already hate al - qaeda and would help ; likewise the kurds .	the thing to keep in mind is that sunni arab nationalists and baathists and local sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the us in iraq than al - qaeda infiltrators , and it would be dangerous to take one 's eyes off the former ball .	he obviously liked authoritarian rule better than democracy , equating dictatorship with " stability . "	israel , however , is much closer to iraq and is likely to suffer from iraqi instability much more acutely than will the united states .	this , in turn , has discouraged international investment in israel and has made it less likely that immigrants to the country will actually remain there .	any thorough assessment of the impact of the iraq war and its aftermath on israel 's security environment must , therefore , closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare .	it is inevitable that most iraqi shiites will side with their hizbullah coreligionists against israel , and it seems likely that iraqi shiites will get rich enough from iraqi petroleum sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll lebanese shiite radicals .	" the norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the ltte is keenly aware that they do not have the power [ unlike india ] to underwrite any arrangement , " kalkat told ips in an interview .	as pakistan 's president had been telling the united states he was " forced " into taking a hawkish line on india precisely by the likes of rahman , this was an embarrassment .	india keeps what it has while pakistan and china ( which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago ) do likewise .	the overwhelming majority of muslims in kashmir would be happy with such an outcome , except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the u.s. state department and the pakistan army , which would like to even the score with india for their catastrophic defeat in bangladesh in 1971 .	requests like that were n't unusual , says retired col. william campenni , who flew with bush in 1970 and 1971 .	authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about posada 's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug .	posada should have told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like meiring told the single american reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from the philippines , that " if this harms me in any way , you will find my power then , and you 'll find out who i am . "	they happened in the philippines which , like pakistan , is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each other .	posada 's crimes , on the other hand , must seem like ancient history , especially to a people who do n't know their history .	the hope may be that posada can soon be offered to a post-chavez allawi - like puppet in caracas .	looks like it is rearing its head again in louisianna ..	i like yuor blog .	it is likely , but not certain , that they will be deported to myanmar .	a large number of them are bangladeshis , who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere .	the route from kalikhola in bhutan to cox 's bazar passes through northern bengal , assam and meghalaya , and on into chittagong .	kayani is well known and liked in kabul as during the last year he led the pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the afghan and us military on issues related to border issues .	however powerful hardliners in tehran may be trying to undermine that strategy and a new issue is likely to deepen the rift with the moderates .	so far what they have done together has been good for us and that 's how we would like to keep it '' , says karzai .
eneedle	i v owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the time .. they do nt go hard lik eneedle hard but they ar nt pillow soft .
prickly	they use them to look prickly .. would you try to eat a cactus [ if u had no knife ] i know i would nt .
badder	they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if u r holding them to tight :)
kimberwick	what is a kimberwick bit used for ?
pullers	used as a help for horses that are quite strong pullers while hacking , hunting and doing cross country .	for horses that are strong pullers .
pelham	it is not as precise as a pelham bit because it only uses one rein , though the modern ones have two or three slots on which to put the reins .
snaffle	it 's nice for horses that need a little more than a snaffle .
t3i	how long to save up for a canon t3i ?	i want to save up for a canon t3i , around 750 - 800 + :(	can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save / gain money ? :o
yeaa	and yeaa ...
cunclude	can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save / gain money ? :o
canan	can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save / gain money ? :o
:o	can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save / gain money ? :o
eos	there 's a canon eos t2i , with the exact same sensor , just no articulating screen .
t2i	there 's a canon eos t2i , with the exact same sensor , just no articulating screen .
http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/	here 's a dslr buying guide - http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/
kido	hey kido u made me smile	how about skidoo skis for the front and tracks for the back ..
icing	" further , i find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly after voicing his public opposition to the comprehensive test ban treaty .	it will analyze emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing , including market - based pricing alternatives to ferc 's traditional pricing methods .	1 . the pricing that we have given crra is specific to fuelcell energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , onsi would be a lot more money ) .	they are invoicing for this and i do n't have an invoice for it .	they are invoicing for this and i do n't have an invoice for it .	jane , on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .	jane , on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .	jane , on deal 763736 for may 01 sales to southwest gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .	<< alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc >>	<< alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>	- alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc << file : alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc >>	- alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc << file : alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>	$ 1.8 m - additional month of pge revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001 - $ collected	the next day , the federal commission killed the new pricing plan .	the main thing is to keep practicing .	it s for a craft project ..... i want to use it the way u would use icing ....	took a bit of searching to discover that pop is probably pop - plaster of paris and yes plaster of paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in fact , if you are building up plaster ( " the way you would icing " ) to do sculpting , which is rather uncommon , you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster " mud "	i have done yoga for riders for a while , a 20 minute routine i found on youtube ( i think it s called " yoga for horse back riding " hosted by a man ) it helped with noticing slight differences in my balance and weight distribution but not really for the way i use my legs and back .	affordable pricing .	it is the real thing - i have been practicing pilates for over 7 years and would not go anywhere else .	i shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage .	great service , great pricing and super convenient !	i 've spoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt canadian outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help them .	the other rolls were n't at all special , especially given their pricing .	i used to e-mail vince kaminski about the advice on his article " the challenge of pricing and risk managing electricity derivatives " and he had mailed me the copy .	great job on my roof and the pricing was fair .	what a mind blowing servicing
sculpting	took a bit of searching to discover that pop is probably pop - plaster of paris and yes plaster of paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in fact , if you are building up plaster ( " the way you would icing " ) to do sculpting , which is rather uncommon , you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster " mud "
unset	took a bit of searching to discover that pop is probably pop - plaster of paris and yes plaster of paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in fact , if you are building up plaster ( " the way you would icing " ) to do sculpting , which is rather uncommon , you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster " mud "
chemically	- it chemically sets - gets warm to hot then cools down and hard and
cools	- it chemically sets - gets warm to hot then cools down and hard and
dries	- it dries out , losing the water that is soaked into the set structure	the southeast is the driest , enjoying a more continental climate .
molding	for example , a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting must be dry - it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip - while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#lggobproj
http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#lggobproj	for example , a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting must be dry - it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip - while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#lggobproj
hamster	dwarf hamster making too much noise on wheel at night ?	i 'm getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i was just talking to my mom and she said that we have to take out the wheel at night because it would disturb her sleep but i told her no because i said thei r energetic at night at my room is right next door to hers but i heard their are wheels that do nt make noise at all what would be the price of it ?	how do you prevent a dwarf hamster escaping from the cage ?	i need help with my syrian hamster !!!?	hi , i bought my syrian hamster ( fernando ) just yesterday and as i was told to leave	my hamster escaped .... need help now !?
thei	on wednesday guerrillas had kidnapped a cosmetic surgeon and his wife while they were on their way home .	two hundred members of the batawi clan of the dulaim demonstrated in baghdad on friday , protesting the killing of their clan elder , shaikh kadhim sarhid and 4 of his sons , by gunmen wearing iraqi army uniforms .	al - zaman : the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .	baghdadis do n't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more , you never know where you might get stuck .	yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars , they only come out in the open when americans leave the area , then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting their ak - 47's in the air .	they have sent over their top reporter ahmed mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of al - sahhaf .	he added that " america does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation , they were kicked out of somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in mogadishu for the whole world to see " , and that " the day will come when the dead bodies of americans and jews would be dragged , defiled , and stepped on in the arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters " .	even a little time spent receiving wholesome , uncontaminated food , good medical care , etc. can add years to their lives .	the americans have to put away their free - market fetishism for a while and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into iraqi households .	they have also reestablished their historical links with lebanese and iranian shiites .	it is inevitable that most iraqi shiites will side with their hizbullah coreligionists against israel , and it seems likely that iraqi shiites will get rich enough from iraqi petroleum sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll lebanese shiite radicals .	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .	" the norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the ltte is keenly aware that they do not have the power [ unlike india ] to underwrite any arrangement , " kalkat told ips in an interview .	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .	the overwhelming majority of muslims in kashmir would be happy with such an outcome , except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the u.s. state department and the pakistan army , which would like to even the score with india for their catastrophic defeat in bangladesh in 1971 .	indeed , their reports are filled with tales of the " atrocities " of indian troops on the innocent jihadis .	the reason for this is that india is emerging as an alternative investment destination to china , hence the favor that the generals in islamabad do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving india when in fact the real flashpoints are the taiwan straits and north korea .	at the time , guardsmen were required to accumulate a minimum of 50 points to meet their yearly obligation .	in fact , you were helping them solve their problem . "	the kerry camp blames bush for the swift boat veterans ' attack , but anyone who has spent much time talking to the swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .	there is no doubt that many iraqis regard the date of 30 january as a day of renewed hope , one they have been awaiting all their lives , but at the same time , many others are already dreading it .	ayad allawi , and other ministers running on his list , have quite expectedly used their governmental positions in campaigning .	al - abbudi stated that " his emminence " decided to openly support the list because " others " ( obviously a reference to allawi ) have been abusing official state positions and media outlets in their campaigning .	sectarian tensions are at their highest since april , 2004 , with sunni insurgents now openly attacking husseiniyas and shia mosques .	on sensing my incredulity to his statement he asserted that ba'athist cells exist in all parts of the country and that they do have a central command , even though many have formed seperate cells ( often under islamic labels ) with their own leaderships .	i would suggest going for tribal sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .	the al - bu nimr in ramadi and al - qaim rose in arms against saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of thamir madhlum al - dulaymi , an air force general belonging to their tribe .	posada 's crimes , on the other hand , must seem like ancient history , especially to a people who do n't know their history .	and to those who do n't even know their crimes , not even that .	since the " sea tigers " of the ltte , better known as the tamil tigers , are the ones who rule the andaman sea : they carry the arms and drugs for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in aceh and all along the east coast of africa .	a large number of them are bangladeshis , who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere .	all the regional countries have publicly backed the karzai government and supported the electoral process , but serious undercurrents remain as they all have their favourite contenders in afghanistan .
spinner	super pet silent spinner exercise wheel
10.99	our price : $ 10.99 to 12.99 petsmart !
12.99	our price : $ 10.99 to 12.99 petsmart !
petsmart	our price : $ 10.99 to 12.99 petsmart !
digs	he makes so much more noise , as he plays and digs and jumps ( seriously )
noiseless	wheels are relatively noiseless -
squeaks	a few squeaks from a wheel are better than the full wrath of a bored pet !
howrah	my origin station is howrah , but i want to board at asansol ..	does your train pass asansol when starting from howrah ?
asansol	my origin station is howrah , but i want to board at asansol ..	does your train pass asansol when starting from howrah ?
halts	well if your desired boarding station comes after more than 2 or 3 halts of the actual boarding point , then the tc will cancel you ticket and allot the seat to others .
allot	the interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but i fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	karl rove , bush 's most senior advisor , notoriously told republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms to " run on the war . "	well if your desired boarding station comes after more than 2 or 3 halts of the actual boarding point , then the tc will cancel you ticket and allot the seat to others .
inquire	i have been advised by our construction manager , mr. joe osler that while he was visiting the city of lake worth building planning and zoning dept regarding our permit status he learned that the pipefitters have inquired about permit requirements to picket our site .	so better inquire in railway office	since then we have decided to have them manage our other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer perform all the inquires .	when i inquired he rudely replied " in the morning when things are checked out you 'll get it back . "	i then called the 800 number ( which was answered ) and inquired about last minute rates .
josalyn	my name is josalyn leainne creek and i 'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in may adn of this year and i love animals and i 'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister 's deli and i ', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i 'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor 's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i do nt care about how much you guys pay and i 've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama
leainne	my name is josalyn leainne creek and i 'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in may adn of this year and i love animals and i 'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister 's deli and i ', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i 'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor 's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i do nt care about how much you guys pay and i 've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama
mcallister	my name is josalyn leainne creek and i 'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in may adn of this year and i love animals and i 'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister 's deli and i ', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i 'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor 's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i do nt care about how much you guys pay and i 've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama
deli	it is also far more than what any administration in new delhi can deliver .	unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in south asia , pervez musharraf has now called colin powell 's bluff , challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the indians jump to his commands .	since the " sea tigers " of the ltte , better known as the tamil tigers , are the ones who rule the andaman sea : they carry the arms and drugs for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in aceh and all along the east coast of africa .	that changed on september 22 when president george w. bush , musharraf and karzai held a three way meeting in new york on the sidelines of the un general assembly .	his delight in killing people became a campaign issue in 2000 when he seemed , in one debate , to enjoy the prospect of executing wrong - doers a little too much .	in fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	they are doing it deliberately .	two young men delivering information about the mormon genealogy program .	i was amazed at the spiel they delivered .	talk delivered by haim harari at a meeting of the international advisory board of a large multi-national corporation , april , 2004 :	they promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .	but the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish , in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications , which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about .	should there be death penalty , for deliberate multiple murders ?	do you shoot back at someone trying to kill you , standing deliberately behind a group of children ?	do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another , always surrounded by children ?	they should be delivered this week .	i think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards , but i wonder about the most appropriate timing , enough of a global message and the means of delivery .	on the means of delivery , i am not sure from your note whether or not i fully understand the intent .	no messages will reach the ees organization unless ibm agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery tool , websphere , and will use weblogic instead .	messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain , nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator .	i will deliver it to you for your approval .	i am also delighted to hear that he will continue his education working toward an mba .	i would be delighted to arrange tickets for you and your family should you ever have occasion to visit houston .	can you offer comments / concerns / guidelines ?	please deliver a copy to me as well .	despite the best efforts of it , continuing problems with the as400 application , a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports , and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that i am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to aa to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values .	user requests for additional as400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of obsf .	i am forwarding for your attention the resume of peter percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems .	i have extensive experience as a technical leader in the design and development of modeling and simulation software products , mostly for the oil and gas pipeline industry .	f.o.b. refers to the following terms : seller is responsible for freight , unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse , buyer is responsible for storage , loading and freight after delivery .	enron will guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled dispatch period and accept supply to the 15th of each scheduled dispatch period .	i am forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading .
',	my name is josalyn leainne creek and i 'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in may adn of this year and i love animals and i 'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister 's deli and i ', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i 'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor 's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i do nt care about how much you guys pay and i 've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama
hvae	my name is josalyn leainne creek and i 'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in may adn of this year and i love animals and i 'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister 's deli and i ', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i 'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor 's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i do nt care about how much you guys pay and i 've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama
pwople	my name is josalyn leainne creek and i 'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in may adn of this year and i love animals and i 'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister 's deli and i ', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i 'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor 's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i do nt care about how much you guys pay and i 've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama
hirier	my name is josalyn leainne creek and i 'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in may adn of this year and i love animals and i 'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister 's deli and i ', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i 'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor 's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i do nt care about how much you guys pay and i 've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama
2;30	my name is josalyn leainne creek and i 'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in may adn of this year and i love animals and i 'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister 's deli and i ', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i 'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor 's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i do nt care about how much you guys pay and i 've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama
h=guys	my name is josalyn leainne creek and i 'm 19 years old and i graduated from high in may adn of this year and i love animals and i 'm great at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister 's deli and i ', a mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to hirier and i 'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every sunday and i have a doctor 's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i do nt care about how much you guys pay and i 've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate drama
jeez	jeez , work on your spelling and punctuation .
punctuation	jeez , work on your spelling and punctuation .
resumes	cover letters and resumes need to be perfect .
typos	no one 's going to take you seriously if they 're full of typos and whatnot .	http://www.prosperitypos.com?p=ya
whatnot	no one 's going to take you seriously if they 're full of typos and whatnot .
reapply	or do i need to reapply ?
c&ic	so best advice is to go to the c&ic website and click " contact us " - http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/index.asp
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/index.asp	so best advice is to go to the c&ic website and click " contact us " - http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/index.asp
hamsters	yes i 've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good	my second favorite would have to be the guinea pig - not quite as social with people as rats ( at least mine was n't ) but more so than most hamsters or mice .	okay .... i have a dog and my mother is really really terrified of hamsters .
flatten	yes i 've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good
pancake	yes i 've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good	with my breakfast i like bacon and sausage when i having a big breakfast like a grand slam with pancakes and the works .	the pancakes are to die for .
whhich	this is the cage i have whhich is pretty much impossible to escape from :
http://www.petsathome.com/shop/combi-1-dwarf-hamster-cage-by-ferplast-15986	http://www.petsathome.com/shop/combi-1-dwarf-hamster-cage-by-ferplast-15986
aquiriums	aquiriums are good also , but provide a mesh top for an easy airway .
airway	aquiriums are good also , but provide a mesh top for an easy airway .
hammy	regards and have fun with your hammy
unknowledgeable	traveler s guide - for the young and unknowledgeable ?
enviroment	i dislike this urban society and want to leave this whole enviroment .
prefere	stephanie , i my preference is to kick their password application back and get them to change it to read something like " cargill ferrous international , a division of cargill , inc. " or " cargill , inc. acting through its cargill ferrous international division " .	stephanie , i my preference is to kick their password application back and get them to change it to read something like " cargill ferrous international , a division of cargill , inc. " or " cargill , inc. acting through its cargill ferrous international division " .	anybody is open to answers but i would much prefere somebody with traveling experience .	since they knew our preferences , we almost always went along with their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did .	please let me know you preference .	the current complaints allege that hano has not provided qualified former st. thomas residents a preference with respect to available public housing units at river garden per the 2003 agreement .	plus you land in a preferential terminal ...
itchy	light , warm , but also itchy .
mayko	vietnamese girl 's name , mayko ?	i always thought mayko or meiko is a japanese name .	the canadian regenesis actress mayko nguyen has japanese connection or is it her fake name ?	mayko is relating to the japanese .	i 'm pretty sure that mayko is japanese .
meiko	i always thought mayko or meiko is a japanese name .
regenesis	the canadian regenesis actress mayko nguyen has japanese connection or is it her fake name ?
e.g	subject : where can i get the necessary software to get a " smart " mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps ? ( e.g. , pathalias , smail , etc. )	e.g .
thanh	full name of the father is : " nguyen thanh luan " ===> full name of the son / daughter certainly is " nguyen .......... " , for instance , " nguyen thi thuy lan " .	ps , if you make it to thanh pho ben tre , stay a night at my friend ken 's hotel .
===>	full name of the father is : " nguyen thanh luan " ===> full name of the son / daughter certainly is " nguyen .......... " , for instance , " nguyen thi thuy lan " .
thi	[ this killing of a respected cleric will be causing us trouble for years to come . ]	this willingness is the main difference in the number of bombings in the south as opposed to the center - north of the country . )	( this is a largely sunni arab clan , and some sunni observers have accused shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination ; it is more likely the work of sunni arab guerrillas punishing the batawi leaders for cooperating with the dec. 15 elections . )	this item is a small one and easily missed .	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .	this is not a post about fault - finding or assigning blame .	this was heavily promoted by the australasian radiation protection society in a press release titled the myths of chernobyl which contained the following :	this terrorist organization can now only pull off far less sophisticated bombings and attacks .	this was the body that bush proclaimed was bringing " stability " to the region in fall of 1999 .	this is what edwards ' campaign literature said about his positions : " edwards believes that the u.s. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts , from reducing tensions between india and pakistan to the peace process in northern ireland .	this , in turn , has discouraged international investment in israel and has made it less likely that immigrants to the country will actually remain there .	this , pakistan 's lobbyist in washington christina rocca has been told , is the " minimum " that the pakistan army will accept .	this writer has for years regarded the best solution to the kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the indian part of the state into a hindu - majority jammu , a buddhist - dominated ladakh and the overwhelmingly muslim kashmir valley , with the third state given little of taxpayers ' money but substantial autonomy .	third ranking cia officer , briggs signed a declaration on february 3rd , 1983 , that on november 8th , 1982 , he had authorized a search of cia records " for any material that in any way pertains to edwin p. wilson , or the various allegations concerning his activities after february 28th , 1971 , when he retired from the cia . "	this is a excellent blog .	this may be of interest to you i have a free online dating service .	do n't let this pass you by without at least taking a look .	this is not unknown to new delhi .	this formidable enemy , which gave the indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s , has been operating in northeastern india and in the andaman sea for a long time .	this little - noted interview with blount 's nephew murph archibald , which appeared on national public radio 's " all things considered on march 30 , 2004 , gives a devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through bush in that period .	" all things considered ( 8:00 pm et ) - npr march 30 , 2004 tuesday	this campaign season , there have been questions about whether george w. bush fulfilled his obligations to the national guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s .	this year a newspaper claimed two uk firms were involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for iraqi forces were re-routed to al - qaeda .	this only serves their purposes .	this is where the socio - political aspect of this conundrum comes into play .	this has not yet penetrated the thinking of the western world .	this circle operates mostly through mosques , madrasas and other religious establishments but also through inciting electronic and printed media .	this is a significant strategic change and it applies strong pressure on the terrorist countries .	this is old news .	this extradition and imprisonment of al qaeda leaders , along with us support for israel and the mubarak government in egypt , remains foremost in the mind of dr. zawahiri .	this tactic of letters is not merely the modus operandi of these militant islamists inspired by zawahiri , it is their signature .	third , with the " new age " efrem zimbalist , jr. in charge of the investigation , it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security .
thuy	full name of the father is : " nguyen thanh luan " ===> full name of the son / daughter certainly is " nguyen .......... " , for instance , " nguyen thi thuy lan " .
splitter	i have a splitter / filter between my adsl and ph line ?
adsl	i have a splitter / filter between my adsl and ph line ?	i have 2 phones running on the same line and the adsl which is connected to one of the phones and the filter , i 'm still getting a buzzing noise even when i have disconnected the other phone without one .
modem	turn the modem off and see if the sound is still there ... could be static on the line ... if the sound is still there with the modem off then the problem is not the dsl ....	if the trouble goes away with the modem off , then make sure that everything except the modem is filtered , this would include the alarm system , fax machine , satellite boxes , phones , etc ...	you need either a filter for each device except the dsl modem , or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks , except the one which the dsl modem connects .
dsl	here 's a dslr buying guide - http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/	if you ca n't even do basic math , you 'll never figure out how to use a dslr camera properly .	i have a splitter / filter between my adsl and ph line ?	i have 2 phones running on the same line and the adsl which is connected to one of the phones and the filter , i 'm still getting a buzzing noise even when i have disconnected the other phone without one .	turn the modem off and see if the sound is still there ... could be static on the line ... if the sound is still there with the modem off then the problem is not the dsl ....	you need either a filter for each device except the dsl modem , or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks , except the one which the dsl modem connects .	that 's 3 x worse than qwest dsl 's lowest speed offering !
jacks	you need either a filter for each device except the dsl modem , or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks , except the one which the dsl modem connects .
holga	best way to change 35 mm film in holga 120 whilst out and about ?	i 've modified my holga 120 to take 35 mm film and i know that you ca n't wind the film back , you have to open the back of the camera ( in a darkroom ) to rewind the film .	what do other holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling ?
darkroom	i 've modified my holga 120 to take 35 mm film and i know that you ca n't wind the film back , you have to open the back of the camera ( in a darkroom ) to rewind the film .
rewind	i 've modified my holga 120 to take 35 mm film and i know that you ca n't wind the film back , you have to open the back of the camera ( in a darkroom ) to rewind the film .
adorama	many online stores carry them , like adorama :
http://www.adorama.com/blcbs.html	http://www.adorama.com/blcbs.html
diy	i have a few how to videos for diy 35 mm film in a 120 camera on my youtube channel :
http://bit.ly/kplaylists	http://bit.ly/kplaylists
http://dianacamera.com	http://dianacamera.com
censored	should the statue of david be censored ?	my argument is it 's art and therefore should not be censored he 's making us censor it who 's right	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	-----= posted via newsfeeds.com , uncensored usenet news =-----
mid-cities	an art teacher in the mid-cities area of dallas / ft. worth metro got fired because she took an art class on an approved field trip with parental permission for each student and some hysterical parent discovered that they saw " nudes " in the museum .
nudes	an art teacher in the mid-cities area of dallas / ft. worth metro got fired because she took an art class on an approved field trip with parental permission for each student and some hysterical parent discovered that they saw " nudes " in the museum .	you do n't think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls / women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display ?
manikins	you do n't think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls / women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display ?
prudish	let her do it - argue when you are of age and can battle the other adults in your community - skipping of course telling your boss he / she is a prudish ignoramus because you want to keep your job .
ignoramus	let her do it - argue when you are of age and can battle the other adults in your community - skipping of course telling your boss he / she is a prudish ignoramus because you want to keep your job .
steakhouse	better steakhouse in philadelphia ?
davio	it 's narrowed down to butcher and singer , davio 's , and del frisco s .
frisco	it 's narrowed down to butcher and singer , davio 's , and del frisco s .	what is the dress code for males at del frisco 's philadelphia ?	my boyfriend 's birthday is november 22nd and we are going to del frisco 's for dinner .	what is the dress code for females at del frisco 's philadelphia ?	i will be going to del frisco 's in late november for dinner and i was wondering what the dress code is for a female .
sidenote	sidenote ... i am familiar with the capital grille , barclay prime , the palm , the prime rib , morton s , ruth chris ' , etc .
bedding	rodents require special bedding in their cages to absorb their waste , and this needs to be cleaned regularly , or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine .	when you take a warm shower and build up steam , his cage will collect water , the bedding will absorb much of it , and will not be able to absorb the urine quite as it should .	you said they live in different cages and they are free in day , so no problem , do n't put both of them in one cage because rabbits bedding is different than that of hens , wet bedding can cause diseases in them !	i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .	the finest german bedding and linens store .
aways	you will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide - aways he may have .	if she has no male to fertilize the eggs , the eggs will aways be infertile .
jeju	go to jeju island !
namsan	if you 're going to seoul , then you should also visit a specific place called , ' the namsan tower ' !	namsan tower : http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg
lotte	if you have any doubts , refer to title 18 sec. 1302 & 1341 of the postal lottery laws .	also , do n't forget to try out korea 's famous amusement parks ! : lotte world , everland , and carribbean bay !	lotte world : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-x_e2uwt6wpw/tkj_7uvtw6i/aaaaaaaaags/e_hicadypyi/s1600/lotte_world_from_high_up.jpg
everland	also , do n't forget to try out korea 's famous amusement parks ! : lotte world , everland , and carribbean bay !	everland resort : http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2	( it 's all outdoors and the pictures are only a fourth of the real everland ! )
carribbean	also , do n't forget to try out korea 's famous amusement parks ! : lotte world , everland , and carribbean bay !	carribbean bay : http://tong.visitkorea.or.kr/cms/resource/81/188181_image2_1.jpg
^_^	everyone loves it ! ^_^	hoped i helped ! ^_^	ignore the answer above me , btw ! ^_^	oh and btw i live in los angeles look for places in like the lb area and torrance etc thanx ^_^
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-x_e2uwt6wpw/tkj_7uvtw6i/aaaaaaaaags/e_hicadypyi/s1600/lotte_world_from_high_up.jpg	lotte world : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-x_e2uwt6wpw/tkj_7uvtw6i/aaaaaaaaags/e_hicadypyi/s1600/lotte_world_from_high_up.jpg
http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2	everland resort : http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2
http://tong.visitkorea.or.kr/cms/resource/81/188181_image2_1.jpg	carribbean bay : http://tong.visitkorea.or.kr/cms/resource/81/188181_image2_1.jpg
http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg	namsan tower : http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg
jejudo	an island called jejudo / jeju island
picky	( because apparently my mom is very picky , she says the bird might get sick if it does n't eat the right food ) is there any specific food i might find at any pet shop ?	the menu had plenty of options even for picky eaters .
petco	( petco , petsmart ) ..... thanks !
doves	doves are a species of pigeon , they are seed eaters , they do not eat bread , or worms .
eaters	protect the buses and they will explode in movie theaters , concert halls , supermarkets , shopping malls , schools and hospitals .	doves are a species of pigeon , they are seed eaters , they do not eat bread , or worms .	the menu had plenty of options even for picky eaters .
petshoppe	there 's these little like bait worms at jack s . petshoppe .
cdg	how do i get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse ?
montparnasse	how do i get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse ?	can anybody tell me if the metro runs directly from cdg to montparnasse ?	is gare montparnasse storage still available ?
rer	durer dies : april 6 , 1528 monday	on the rer / metro :	this will get you on the rer b line going into town .
d'	i had another conversation some months ago with a retired ba'athist old - timer who claimed that ba'athists have the means to stage a third coup d'etat and return to power within 10 hours of an american withdrawal .	change there to the metro 4 line going toward " porte d' orleans " .	could you run those additional post - id's ?	i should have a list of post - id's for you by 4:30 today .
bienvenue	get off at the " montparnasse bienvenue " station .	stay on the bus until the " montparnasse bienvenue " stop .	change there to the 13 line toward " chatillon montrouge " and take it until the " montparnasse bienvenue " station .
vanves	on the bus : get on bus 95 going toward " porte de vanves " .
balard	take the 8 line toward " balard " until the " invalides " station .
invalides	take the 8 line toward " balard " until the " invalides " station .
chatillon	change there to the 13 line toward " chatillon montrouge " and take it until the " montparnasse bienvenue " station .
montrouge	change there to the 13 line toward " chatillon montrouge " and take it until the " montparnasse bienvenue " station .
gimp	i use gimp and it s not cutting it , looks terrible .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/	http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/
thx	any programs that you use please list :) thx	thx
blak	set the layer mode to " color " this will make your image blak and white .
>>>	click colors >>> levels and adjust each channel 's color values .
tutorial	for more information on the theory behind later modes check out this gimp video tutorial : http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html	for more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial : http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html
http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html	for more information on the theory behind later modes check out this gimp video tutorial : http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html
http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html	for more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial : http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html
picasa	picasa is free and pretty good .	they have acquired urchin , zipdash , applied semantics , picasa , blogger , and satellite imaging company keyhole , so why not firefox ?
photoshop	but best is obviously photoshop cs5 or if you r on a macbook there s aperture :)	use photoshop .
cs5	but best is obviously photoshop cs5 or if you r on a macbook there s aperture :)
macbook	but best is obviously photoshop cs5 or if you r on a macbook there s aperture :)
photoscape	try something like photoscape which has different options ...
cheapest	cheapest plastic surgeons in thailand ?	i want to go to thailand to do my boob job from south africa but looking for the cheapest surgeons yet also good in his artwork on a human s body .	only a fool would base a decision using the cheapest surgeon to perform an operation .	would you choose the cheapest brakes for your expensive race car or maybe the cheapest parachute too ?	the cheapest * high quality * plastic surgeons are at yanhee hospitals .	he was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got , and his work was top notch .	i called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they were n't the cheapest i found but very reasonable .	clean rooms , great for the price and cheapest on the exit .	know this well because i remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .	my friend goes to the phils every 6 months or so and she has found that korean air has had the cheapest fares lately .	this dentist want to pull the tooth out always .. always wants to do the cheapest for his benefit .. not unless he knows you .
boob	i want to go to thailand to do my boob job from south africa but looking for the cheapest surgeons yet also good in his artwork on a human s body .	i am not going unless lisa promises to get all wasted and boob out .	boob out ?
bumrungard	you need to check with one of the major hospital that performance this procedure like bumrungard hospital or yanhee hospital .
yanhee	you need to check with one of the major hospital that performance this procedure like bumrungard hospital or yanhee hospital .	the cheapest * high quality * plastic surgeons are at yanhee hospitals .
nicks	when you have invasive surgery you could also get infections , accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems too !	they also start the day with no nicks or dings in their fins .
bumrungrad	bumrungrad hospital does some good work but all hospitals do have their problems from time to time .
http://www.bumrungrad.com/en/patient-services/clinics-and-centers/plastic-surgery-thailand-bangkok/breast-augmentation-ba	http://www.bumrungrad.com/en/patient-services/clinics-and-centers/plastic-surgery-thailand-bangkok/breast-augmentation-ba
gravy	when i open a can of meat with gravy he licks off the gravy and lets the meat lay .
licks	when i open a can of meat with gravy he licks off the gravy and lets the meat lay .
spoilage	you 'll also have less spoilage .
blender	my oldest female and youngest male do this - i just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver ( cooked ) for the anemic one , some arthritis stuff for the oldest .
anemic	my oldest female and youngest male do this - i just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver ( cooked ) for the anemic one , some arthritis stuff for the oldest .
mash	even if you mash it with a spoon he ca n't do that ,	also after seeing a handful of bullfights , i can say that they 're a lot more enjoyable if you 're smashed ( bac >= .15 ) .	which burger chain do you think is as good as in n out or better in the chicago area besides five guys and smashburger ?
cantering	my favorite part is going up hill and cantering :)
spooky	they would be too scared and spooky .
galloping	same , when i 'm galloping in an open space like that i can just forget everything .
woodpeckers	also woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and i just sat and watched .
pecking	also woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and i just sat and watched .
carribean	i have a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lbs of live fiji rock , and 10 lbs of live carribean sand .
1.024	i am currently maintaining a gravity level of 1.024 .
powerhead	i also have a powerhead , getting another soon .
sump	in my opinion , we should show crra a copy of the loi with the assumption that the development agreement is attached .	i believe the fuel consumption will be tolerable as well .	the application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel .	at this time we are putting together small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offerings .	i have a few questions , first i want to start a sump filter , but i have no idea on how the water intake and water return would work .	how would i need to set a sump for this 10 gallon ?	unless the tank has a built in overflow box ( which i 'm certain it does n't ) then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install a sump .	the piping would lead down into your sump from the overflow box .	on the other end of the sump , you would have a small return pump with a hose that puts the water back into your tank .	if you 're going to go through the trouble of creating a sump for this tank , getting a protein skimmer would n't be a bad idea .	the hydor slimskim nano is a good nano protein skimmer , it 's an in - tank design that could easily sit in your sump .	impossible to say , but i guess you would have to work out fuel consumption for the particular vehicle that they are using and pay a proportion of that , and some on top for the driver 's time and effort , unless you are able to share transport with another or more , that would keep the costs down .	some basic assumptions , however , can be made .
skimmer	do i need a protein skimmer or any other equipment ?	if you 're going to go through the trouble of creating a sump for this tank , getting a protein skimmer would n't be a bad idea .	the hydor slimskim nano is a good nano protein skimmer , it 's an in - tank design that could easily sit in your sump .
overflow	the superdome stadium is without power , and toilets are overflowing .	unless the tank has a built in overflow box ( which i 'm certain it does n't ) then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install a sump .	the piping would lead down into your sump from the overflow box .
piping	the piping would lead down into your sump from the overflow box .	i will be happy if they can serve when food is piping hot .
hydor	the hydor slimskim nano is a good nano protein skimmer , it 's an in - tank design that could easily sit in your sump .
slimskim	the hydor slimskim nano is a good nano protein skimmer , it 's an in - tank design that could easily sit in your sump .
kindle	i do n't want an ipad or kindle .	yes , i know about the kindle fire but that 's not what i want (: does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars ?	ereader tablet comparison ; b & n nook tablet , b & n nook color , kindle fire , htc flyer
e-reader	i just want an e-reader that does a little bit more than just read .
darn	when i found out them came up with the nook tablet , i was pretty disappointed though , because i bought my nook color for the same darn price !	not only are these people completely inefficient and ineffective , but they just do n't give a darn .
http://www.squidoo.com/nook-tablet	http://www.squidoo.com/nook-tablet
ereader	ereader tablet comparison ; b & n nook tablet , b & n nook color , kindle fire , htc flyer
htc	ereader tablet comparison ; b & n nook tablet , b & n nook color , kindle fire , htc flyer	i have the htc evo .
http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-news/181335-ereader-tablet-comparison-b-n-nook-tablet-b-n-nook-color-kindle-fire-htc-flyer.html	http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-news/181335-ereader-tablet-comparison-b-n-nook-tablet-b-n-nook-color-kindle-fire-htc-flyer.html
philly	hey there , i 'm trying to find a restaurant in philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday .	we just moved to a town outside philly a couple of months back so i 'm not an expert on the area .	if you are in philly you have to come check this place out !
=)	i want to take him somewhere where there 's going to be awesome burgers / american food , atmosphere ( preferably a tavern / pub style would be nice ) , good service , and all around a great time . =)	a little help is always great . =)	patience is the key . =)	=)
to's	i 'm looking for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to's .
chickie	if you 're looking for a good burger , some great fries ( they are too die for ! ) , and good drinks , go to chickie & pete 's !
gosh	oh my gosh , they are great !
betta	i 'm getting a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and i just want to know how to properly set it up .	add only silk plants as plastic ones may tear up ur betta s delicate fins .	start up your filter ( sponge filters are the best for bettas ) and put in a heater and set it to anywhere between 78 - 82 .	if everything is looking good you may add you betta to its new home .
beginner	it is always good to stick to a formal intense meditation practice like the one for beginners described in the mp3 file that follows after the visualisations .	for more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial : http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html	i 'm still a beginner .	it 's really too advanced for a beginner , both in tooling and safety .	i bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts .
conditioner	you add the water and put water conditioner into the water .
bettas	start up your filter ( sponge filters are the best for bettas ) and put in a heater and set it to anywhere between 78 - 82 .
heater	the f - 102 saw service in the vietnam theater between march 1962 and december 1969 .	protect the buses and they will explode in movie theaters , concert halls , supermarkets , shopping malls , schools and hospitals .	does free speech protect you when you shout " fire " in a crowded theater ?	as brian jenkins once said , " terrorism is theater . "	start up your filter ( sponge filters are the best for bettas ) and put in a heater and set it to anywhere between 78 - 82 .	i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side .	from my understanding , if it s heated from the bottom , my snake risks burning its belly if it burrows and rests directly on top of the glass over the heater unless i buy some of that reptile carpet to put under the substrate , but it has better heat distribution	put the heater on the snake he will love it and the the next day you will have dinner	yay , great theater !!!
optinal	lights are optinal since fish need the light turn off at night anyways and an air pump is not nessasary since they get air from the surface .
nessasary	lights are optinal since fish need the light turn off at night anyways and an air pump is not nessasary since they get air from the surface .
aquasafe	add aquasafe with the water you put in it .
lazers	is it possible to shoot lazers out of your wang ?
wangs	laser grips are the most common for wangs .	consider these points for mounting laser sights on semi-automatic wangs .	newer semi-automatic wangs have a rail built into the receiver under the shaft .
screws	you have two adjustment screws for up and down and right to left positions .	you have two screws that attach the sight to the wang .	tighten these screws securely .	check hobby shops and craft shops for small pieces of stock wood panels and wood blocks parts , you want carpenter wood glue , clamps , possibly small screws to hold corners together , miniature hinges , tape , paint , saws , drills , pencil ruler , paper , bryer horses
semi-automatic	consider these points for mounting laser sights on semi-automatic wangs .	newer semi-automatic wangs have a rail built into the receiver under the shaft .
budgies	budgies are breast feeding birds and it may be the male is bisexual .
titts	when the male gets his titts out the female gets mad with him knowing he ca n't produce milk .
feathered	if the baby is feathered yet - which i 'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine .	feathered feet / shanks - chicks could have feathered feet / shanks as this is also incomplete dominate .
btw	ignore the answer above me , btw ! ^_^	oh and btw i live in los angeles look for places in like the lb area and torrance etc thanx ^_^	( we live in pennsylvania btw ) i 'm mad and upset now !	btw , they 're all from 4gamer .	i m 15 btw	go to la after say 11:00 search the street corners btw keep ur wallet locked up and have $ 200 on hand have a gun just in case btw
611	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034	antonio perez 1535 - 1611 [ philip ii 's renegade secretary of state ]	the only way to know for sure is to call 611 , or your cell phone help line , and ask .	ram tackett , ( mailto:rtackett@abacustech.net ) owner , abacus technologies 17611 loring lane , spring , tx 77388-5746 ( 281 ) 651-7106 ; fax ( 281 ) 528-8636 web : http://www.abacustech.net
ye$	ye$ you can text in canada to the u$ on a u$ number .
u$	ye$ you can text in canada to the u$ on a u$ number .
thi$	thi$ $ervice will co$t .
$ervice	thi$ $ervice will co$t .
co$t	thi$ $ervice will co$t .
varie$	it varie$ company to company .
wifi	email usually free if you use a wifi connection .
$ometime$	$ometime$ it is hard to explain that you are making an international call and all of the phone companie $involved what $ome of your money .
companie	incitement by arab tv , accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies , has become a powerful weapon of those who lie , distort and want to destroy everything .	he traveled under an alias and was accompanied by a former us army sergeant named ali mohammed .	can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization ?	the next 5 companies were my responsibility while in ebs , and did not get assigned during the reorg .	not currently on our list of companies .	can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization ?	also , would those of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the tca work on this .	we have already received firm commitments from 3 companies .	we now have a settlement before the commission that includes ratepayer advocates , commercial and industrial customers , electric generators , marketers , shippers , independent storage providers ,? gas suppliers ,? producers , utilities , aggregators , pipeline companies , wholesale customers , municipalities , and retail mass marketers , among others .?	as you know , the suffix online is purely descriptive and now used by many companies .	since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the power to contract in their own names .	hbs will shadow enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period .	we have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as at&t , duke energy , pitney bowes and daimler chrysler , and i would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts .?	important information of big companies	3 - number of companies that control the us voting technology market .	$ometime$ it is hard to explain that you are making an international call and all of the phone companie $involved what $ome of your money .	in this hard economic times is very important to save money very reasonable prices top quality work the owner operator he does all the the work with helpers very friendly i definitely recommend this this guys do n't get jack by big companies that they pay a lot of money to be on top of the list thanks	we called few companies before we decide to hire them .	i am a preferred provider with most insurance companies .	the problem is that customers attracted by a simple interface are among the least loyal you can find -- witness the fight - for - fewest - features between low - end camera companies .	bruce indicated nimo short listed five companies who all bid higher than ena .	he also said that the other five companies making the short list all proposed alternative structures to the proposed nimo tier structure .	oil companies evacuated offshore facilities as the storm 's progress kept global markets on tenterhooks .	nasa is looking to private companies to launch both supplies and astronauts to the international space station , it announced this week .	" it 's not cost - effective doing station flights while at the same time focusing on getting back to the moon , " says brett alexander , vice-president of transformational space , one of the companies hoping to launch astronauts to the iss .	i will be calling tropics for my companie s next event !	it 's fine for mass - market chocolate , but with companies like scharffen berger , tcho , and smaller artisan chocolate makers in the area , why ?	cheney was looking at maps of iraq oil fields and muttering about opportunities for us companies there , already in january or february of 2001 .	in wei 's art , a logician could see mathematical logic , a cellist could see a ripple of nine bass notes , a country girl could see straw , and harry potter could see two accompanied green blazes .
$involved	$ometime$ it is hard to explain that you are making an international call and all of the phone companie $involved what $ome of your money .
$ome	$ometime$ it is hard to explain that you are making an international call and all of the phone companie $involved what $ome of your money .
unde$tood	hope you unde$tood the me$$age i do have an " s " key on my computer .
me$$age	hope you unde$tood the me$$age i do have an " s " key on my computer .
becouse	as i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .
panicking	as i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .
bouild	so now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .
realtion	why , how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???
useing	why , how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???
hammie	firstly , your hammie was not stressed out , he wanted attention .
thirdly	thirdly , just put your hand in his cge ans leave it their .
cge	thirdly , just put your hand in his cge ans leave it their .
ans	in baghdad kadhim talal husain , assistant dean at the school of education at mustansiriyah university , was assassinated with his driver in the salikh district .	yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars , they only come out in the open when americans leave the area , then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting their ak - 47's in the air .	even the ip and icdc have abandoned the neighbourhood , and those are trained and armed , so do n't expect scared civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a helicopter or a tank does n't bomb them , and also how are american soldiers going to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians from the fedayeen ?	they have sent over their top reporter ahmed mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of al - sahhaf .	" they are targetting ambulances " , " american snipers are shooting children and pregnant women " , and " they are using cluster bombs against civilians " is all you get to hear from him .	he added that " america does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation , they were kicked out of somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in mogadishu for the whole world to see " , and that " the day will come when the dead bodies of americans and jews would be dragged , defiled , and stepped on in the arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters " .	2 ) target israel and encourage the worst elements of the palestinians by playing on the iron fist policies of the sharon government .	but sharon 's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace , and the bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the west bank and gaza .	the americans have to put away their free - market fetishism for a while and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into iraqi households .	getting the spanish out of iraq is n't nearly as good a rallying cry for al - qaeda in the arab world as getting the americans and british out .	bush , in answering the question about the leader of pakistan , also said : " the new pakistani general , he 's just been elected -- not elected , this guy took over office .	musharraf went on to play nuclear brinkmanship with india in 2002 , risking war twice that year .	so , one answer to bush 's charge about edwards is that if it had any merit , bush should have declined to run himself .	another answer is that edwards certainly knows far more about foreign affairs now than bush did then .	edwards is a strong supporter of israel , and believes that the u.s. has a vital role in promoting peace between the israelis and the palestinians . "	the palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the israeli occupation of the gaza strip and the west bank were not driven by economic considerations .	saddam never did anything practical to help the palestinians .	sunni arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the palestinians and with hamas , and those in iraq have deep historical inks with fundamentalists in jordan and palestine .	secular arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the palestinians , and those in post-saddam iraq are no exception .	that private wealth can easily be funneled into aid for the palestinians and for lebanese shiites .	israel 's security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors , which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the palestinians .	" the norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the ltte is keenly aware that they do not have the power [ unlike india ] to underwrite any arrangement , " kalkat told ips in an interview .	unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously colin powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the indians made conciliatory gestures toward islamabad .	unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in south asia , pervez musharraf has now called colin powell 's bluff , challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the indians jump to his commands .	as far as george bush knew , he and his unit could have been transferred to vietnam .	then , in 1973 , as bush made plans to leave the guard and go to harvard business school , he again started showing up frequently .	democrats are spitting mad over attacks on john kerry 's record by the group swift boat veterans for truth .	the kerry camp blames bush for the swift boat veterans ' attack , but anyone who has spent much time talking to the swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .	in april - before the swift boat veterans had said a word - kerry said bush " has yet to explain to america whether or not , and tell the truth , about whether he showed up for duty . "	earlier , kerry said , " just because you get an honorable discharge does not , in fact , answer that question . "	after asking me which tribe i belong to ( thus assessing my sectarian background ) he started hurling abuses at the shia , calling them persians , majoos ( fire worshippers ) , rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that i ca n't mention here .	first driving out the americans , then fighting the shia back into submission ( as in 1991 ) .
willl	he willl eventually come and explore it and them you can handle him a little bit .
comfy	once he is more comfy with his surroundings , then you can start handling him and getting to know each other more .	xbox joys are soo comfyy .....
fujairah	is fujairah a nice place to live in ?	my family and i are planning to shift to fujairah in a couple of years .	also that , i heard in the next few years fujairah would be as good as dubai , is it true ?	i 'd be happy if someone helps , especially someone who has been to fujairah or lives there . :)	... i ve been living in fujairah my entire life and i must say that it is developing in a good way .	i think 2012 is going to be a great year for fujairah as we have a lot of projects to be done by 2012 .	things to do in fujairah ..	and now they are finishing a road between fujairah and dubai in 45 minutes only !	visited fujairah when in dubai .	do n't know the economics of fujairah but dubai is basically bankrupt so you would n't want to end up like them !
snorkeling	... fishing , jet skies , snorkeling , diving are some of the things you can do for fun .
mins	vince kaminski	vince kaminski	vince j kaminski@ect	vince kaminski	in this delivery format , your body can immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components as the absorption of vitamins , minerals and nutrients is maximized .	so , no it is not as good as dubai , but it s quieter and more peaceful , and you can still go to dubai in 45 mins .	i waited another 30 mins before receiving my food and it was cold .	if the pedicure lasted 20 mins. , that was a stretch .	~ it took over 40 mins to be taken to our table , once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further 45 mins till our starters landed on our table .	it usually takes 20 mins for a mezza luna , as they have to add pure delicious extract to the mix .	i used to e-mail vince kaminski about the advice on his article " the challenge of pricing and risk managing electricity derivatives " and he had mailed me the copy .	dear dr. vincent kaminski ,	walked in and was out ta there in 10 mins with a really good deal i thought i was going to be paying a lot because i had a dui but with my dui and sr - 22 they were able to get me the best deal out there .	vince j kaminski	travelled 40 mins after calling to see if a product was in stock .
ps3	i do n't know should i buy ps3 or x - box kinect .	i 'm a little afraid when i buy ps3 or x - box then a newer version comes out .
kinect	i do n't know should i buy ps3 or x - box kinect .
psp	or even n - ds or psp .	( same for n - ds and psp )
ps4	wii u has been announced as well as the ps4 however the ps4 is only in development while the wii u should be out next year .
joystick	i feel x - box is a very smooth system i own it like 3 years , it s very compatible to previous versions and mostly important i was very comfortable with the user interface and the joystick .... coz you do nt wan a hold a joystick that gives you discomfort .
coz	it 's got its own bathroom and tv , and is pretty cozy .	i feel x - box is a very smooth system i own it like 3 years , it s very compatible to previous versions and mostly important i was very comfortable with the user interface and the joystick .... coz you do nt wan a hold a joystick that gives you discomfort .	we sat in the front dining area , it was very cozy and pleasant .	enjoyed this cozy little spot with a group of 8 folks .	a short but wide - ranging menu executed with innovative perfection in a cozy hole in the wall just off the main street .	delightful , hospitable , superb , cozy and comfortable .	the knights inn was small very small . i mean 1 room in every room ! it was cozy a little and a small tv .	the setting feels like a sushi bar in nyc ; small , cozy , but with flair .
joys	xbox joys are soo comfyy .....
comfyy	xbox joys are soo comfyy .....
bounces	in fact every once in a while he seems to get ill in one way or another ; and then he bounces back like nothing has happened .
ascertain	i did an internet search to ascertain how long cats can live , however different sources give wildly different lifespans .
lifespans	i did an internet search to ascertain how long cats can live , however different sources give wildly different lifespans .
conceivable	is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources i ve been looking at ?
urinary	older males often tend to have urinary tract issues , so your cat has done very well .
expectancy	by comparison , outdoor cats have a life expectancy of 3 - 7 years depending on how many predators are in the local environment .
loosing	gaining and loosing my cockatiel 's trust ... ?
cockatiel	gaining and loosing my cockatiel 's trust ... ?	i thought that i had gained my cockatiel 's trust , but now he 's not coming to me when i open his cage .	i have a male and female cockatiel , and there are 2 eggs in the bottom of the cage , will they hatch ?
resorted	a simple hand gesture could have resorted to him being afraid of you .
cuddly	he might never be a cuddly , loving , tame bird , but you can still have a friendly bond .	people love to buy these cute cuddly little animals for gifts and collectables .
breyer	how to make a breyer horse stable ?	hi i m a big fan of breyer horses !	my breyers need stables or barns though ..... and i need directions and materials on how to make them .	http://www.blueoakstables.com/breyerhorsebarns_barn003.asp
breyers	my breyers need stables or barns though ..... and i need directions and materials on how to make them .
orthographic	sketch out floor plan , estimate size , draw front view , side view , and 3d orthographic perspective views ,
clamps	check hobby shops and craft shops for small pieces of stock wood panels and wood blocks parts , you want carpenter wood glue , clamps , possibly small screws to hold corners together , miniature hinges , tape , paint , saws , drills , pencil ruler , paper , bryer horses
saws	check hobby shops and craft shops for small pieces of stock wood panels and wood blocks parts , you want carpenter wood glue , clamps , possibly small screws to hold corners together , miniature hinges , tape , paint , saws , drills , pencil ruler , paper , bryer horses
bryer	check hobby shops and craft shops for small pieces of stock wood panels and wood blocks parts , you want carpenter wood glue , clamps , possibly small screws to hold corners together , miniature hinges , tape , paint , saws , drills , pencil ruler , paper , bryer horses
balsa	wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood , or press - board , or plywood , and pre-cut 2 by 4 or slats , you can check home depot or hardware shops for larger pieces ,
plywood	wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood , or press - board , or plywood , and pre-cut 2 by 4 or slats , you can check home depot or hardware shops for larger pieces ,
pre-cut	wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood , or press - board , or plywood , and pre-cut 2 by 4 or slats , you can check home depot or hardware shops for larger pieces ,
slats	wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood , or press - board , or plywood , and pre-cut 2 by 4 or slats , you can check home depot or hardware shops for larger pieces ,
http://www.binkyswoodworking.com/horsestable.php	http://www.binkyswoodworking.com/horsestable.php
http://www.blueoakstables.com/breyerhorsebarns_barn003.asp	http://www.blueoakstables.com/breyerhorsebarns_barn003.asp
http://www.railroadredux.com/tag/northwest-shortline/	http://www.railroadredux.com/tag/northwest-shortline/
http://www.adventurehobbycraft.com/products/hobby_craft_supplies.html#metal	http://www.adventurehobbycraft.com/products/hobby_craft_supplies.html#metal
http://www.natureandtech.com/?page_id=2200	http://www.natureandtech.com/?page_id=2200
http://www.utrechtart.com/craft-supplies/woodworking%20supplies/	http://www.utrechtart.com/craft-supplies/woodworking%20supplies/
x.x	and when i move it i guess he figures i 'm playing . x.x
panics	i read somewhere that you have to hold his mouth together , and keep it that way til he panics .
teething	do you think he 's teething ?	he may be teething but i do nt think it can be stopped .	lots of them , feather ones work best , also when he bites you in the morning put him down off your bed , to show him that you will not tolerate that , he will get it , he s also probably teething , so toys are your best bet
feathery	he does have toys , a scratching post , lots of mice , balls , yarn , a feathery birdy toy , etc .
birdy	he does have toys , a scratching post , lots of mice , balls , yarn , a feathery birdy toy , etc .
rambunctious	yes do not hold any animal s mouth shut it wil close their air way , he s just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys .
flooring	( apart from the wire flooring which i am going to cover ) which of these two cages is better :	you will have to cover the wire flooring like you said , and make fleece covers for the stairs , so no ratty feet get caught and broken .	limit them to one room with easy to clean flooring .
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_2079wt_893	http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_2079wt_893
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/130589513308?var=430034792128&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2648#ht_1500wt_660	http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/130589513308?var=430034792128&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2648#ht_1500wt_660
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_	http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_2079wt_893	http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_
fleece	you will have to cover the wire flooring like you said , and make fleece covers for the stairs , so no ratty feet get caught and broken .
ratty	you will have to cover the wire flooring like you said , and make fleece covers for the stairs , so no ratty feet get caught and broken .
hammocks	if you use this cage it 's best to remove the wire shelves altogether and replace it with hammocks and the like .
cheaply	i used one of these cages short term for a pet and it was n't that great to be honest , pretty cheaply made , the door springs are annoying and it does n't last very well .	in addition , the clothing is of much better quality than the clothing from hot topic , which is made as cheaply as possible by people living in horrible conditions in asia .	if you want cheaply made glass from india and china , this is not your place .	if you want to eat cheaply without worrying about all those daily deal emails every day , zebraklub should be perfect for you .
imo	here are some better options imo :	these are all a bit more expensive than your choice but if you ebay search the names you may be able to find one second hand ... better paying for a second hand one in good condition than a poorly made new one imo .
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/mamble-hamster-narrow-100cm-cage-p-12642.html	http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/mamble-hamster-narrow-100cm-cage-p-12642.html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/abode-large-metal-cage-liberta-free-delivery-p-6679.html	http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/abode-large-metal-cage-liberta-free-delivery-p-6679.html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/savic-freddy-cage-free-delivery-p-6750.html	http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/savic-freddy-cage-free-delivery-p-6750.html
http://www.netpetshop.co.uk/p-19500-savic-chichi-2-chinchilla-rat-degu-ferret-cage.aspx	http://www.netpetshop.co.uk/p-19500-savic-chichi-2-chinchilla-rat-degu-ferret-cage.aspx
http://www.justcages.co.uk/ferret-cages/ferplast-furet-plus-ferret-cage#v_431	http://www.justcages.co.uk/ferret-cages/ferplast-furet-plus-ferret-cage#v_431
ebay	http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_2079wt_893	http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/130589513308?var=430034792128&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2648#ht_1500wt_660	http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_	these are all a bit more expensive than your choice but if you ebay search the names you may be able to find one second hand ... better paying for a second hand one in good condition than a poorly made new one imo .
calculater	it s really good and the rat calculater says is big enough for 5 rats , but i would put a maximum of 4 in it really :)
reptile	from my understanding , if it s heated from the bottom , my snake risks burning its belly if it burrows and rests directly on top of the glass over the heater unless i buy some of that reptile carpet to put under the substrate , but it has better heat distribution	my general convince your parents to let you get a reptile advice :	i have bought some long reptile feeding tweezers and have tried holding the pinky in front of the snake 's face .	let me try to break this down as simply as i can : diurnal ( active during the day time ) reptiles like the bearded dragon require 3 types of " light , " uva , uvb , and heat .	uvb will always be a separate bulb from the heat lamp , unless you use a mvb ( mercury vapor bulb ) which is the only reptile use bulb that will emit both uvb and heat from one bulb .	i highly recommend that you do not use coiled / compact uvb bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage and / or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining uvb output over time .	the long tube uvb bulbs are best , like zoomed 's repsitun model : http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/ remember to replace uvb bulbs according to the manufacturer s recommendation after which time the bulb will no longer produce uvb even if visible light still is .	do n't forget to use a calcium supplement twice a week ; captive reptiles are prone to calcium deficiency .
propping	if it s from the side i do nt have to worry about propping it up , but the snake can still burn itself if it slithers along the side of the tank and i also read that it does nt distribute heat as well ?
slithers	if it s from the side i do nt have to worry about propping it up , but the snake can still burn itself if it slithers along the side of the tank and i also read that it does nt distribute heat as well ?
opinons	what are your suggestions and opinons ?
uth's	i use uth's on all of my burrowing snakes .
burrowing	i use uth's on all of my burrowing snakes .
uth	i use uth's on all of my burrowing snakes .	i usually put my own natural rock over the uth and they are perfectly fine .	i have over 40 corns , kings , and milks and have never had a problem with the uth system .	to the south vietnamese government ..	overall decent but if you are expecting a ruth chris type steak , this is not it .
corns	i have over 40 corns , kings , and milks and have never had a problem with the uth system .
milks	i have over 40 corns , kings , and milks and have never had a problem with the uth system .
overt	these are 1 ) assassinate or overthrow gen. pervez musharraf , the pakistani military " president " who had made a coup in 1999 and has thrown in his lot with the united states against the taliban and al - qaeda .	al - zawahiri attempted to use musharraf 's lack of progress in helping the muslims of that indian state as a justification for his overthrow .	" it is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected governments , " said david leavy , spokesman for the national security council .	not only did bush not know who general pervez musharraf was , he seems to have confused coup - making with " taking office , " and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the pakistan military , then the world 's strongest supporter of the taliban , would bring " stability ! "	at some points , as in the late 1980s , he reportedly made behind - the - scenes overtures to the israelis to arrive at some sort of a deal .	i 've read the book - it 's a first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of contra drug connections that led to terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the twig counterintelligence group that ran interference for the contra effort , staffed by covert ops types including ollie north , robert owen , vince cannistaro and buck revell .	moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to kabul leading taliban commanders , who have been living quietly in pakistan and have taken no part in the taliban insurgency .	" the black race is the people through which the devil has always been able to bring evil unto the earth , " jeffs has said as cited by the southern poverty law center 's " intelligence report . "	also these cults have multimillions yet the women and kids live in poverty so the leaders can live the high life .	birth rates in the region are very high , increasing the poverty , the social gaps and the cultural decline .	suicide murders also have nothing to do with poverty and despair .	if part of the public supports it , others tolerate it , many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .	we are the children of poverty , financial and spiritual .	this year it overtook japan as the world 's second largest consumer of energy , behind the us .	china 's overtures to join the u.s. - led effort to develop the 16 - nation international space station have been thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues , including the asian country 's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat .	in the world press , commentators predict that katrina will make a profound change in the way the us is perceived at home and abroad , especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they believe the disaster has revealed .	now to the poverty stricken and the racial issue ...	if you want to start a new creative project or business venture , your imagination will be working overtime .	. . . and uneasy in its corporate expression , was overtopped by the big face of don juste lopez , soft and white , with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloud . >>	34.6 m - number of americans living below the poverty line ( 1 in 8 of the population ) .	bottom if you are worried about the snake burning itself put something overt it like newspaper ...	at the same time , an iranian opposition group released what they call proof of a covert nuclear weapons program .	covert into dvd .
brunch	what are good places to eat brunch at ? ?	i was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places i know are denny 's and ihop .
bday	my bday is saturday :) and i wan na have breakfast / lunch with my fam .
fam	as a parent , i can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning .	although it is often alleged ( without much evidence ) that saddam hussein gave money to the families of palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare , it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to israel .	unreported by the international media , the valley of kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded .	unreported by the international media , the valley of kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded .	one week to elections day and the general atmosphere in the capital is eerie , yet strikingly familiar .	the gu'ud family even accepted to be offered the seat of al - anbar governor some months back .	we have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose .	the debate that a handful of texas multi-millionnaires close to the bush family have cleverly manufactured over john kerry 's war record is absurd in every way .	in fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	also look up the kingston family .	as the leaders like to boast , the mujahedeen is a family affair .	just give your email and / or phone number to these guys and they 'll track down your family .	my perspective is entirely based on what i see , on what i read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years .	a word about the millions of decent , honest , good people who are either devout moslems or are not very religious but grew up in moslem families : they are double victims of an outside world , which now develops islamophobia , and of their own environment which breaks their heart by being totally dysfunctional .	they promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .	a woman walks into an israeli restaurant in mid-day , eats , observes families with old people and children eating their lunch in the adjacent tables and pays the bill .	dignitaries condemn the act but visit her bereaved family and the money flows .	if by democracy we mean free elections but also free press , free speech , a functioning judicial system , civil liberties , equality to women , free international travel , exposure to international media and ideas , laws against racial incitement and against defamation , and avoidance of lawless behavior regarding hospitals , places of worship and children , then yes , democracy is the solution .	the family 's lawyer advises me that aafia did not have enough money to pay for airfare tickets for herself and the kids and called ismat from the train station .	the family 's attorney advises me that aafia had no knowledge of chemicals ( and that would not appear to be her training ) .	sound familiar ?	hope you and your family survived ok .	hope you and your family survived ok .	hope you and your family survived ok .	are either of you familiar with this project ?	as to our family , within the last ten days our youngest daughter elizabeth was married to a young man from buenos aires , argentina .	i would be delighted to arrange tickets for you and your family should you ever have occasion to visit houston .	keep bobby , his team members and their families in your prayers .	perhaps jim armogida can assist in revising them as i am sure he is more familiar with the way enron corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are .	how 's your family ?	these are the kids who will destroy society , because of the crapfest the american family has become under the post hippie culture , you heard again .	more time with your family ?
bridal	i was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places i know are denny 's and ihop .	unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the l.a. section .
ihop	i was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places i know are denny 's and ihop .
torrance	oh and btw i live in los angeles look for places in like the lb area and torrance etc thanx ^_^
conveniently	the breakfast club & grill is conveniently located just two blocks off the kennedy expressway .
1381	1381 w. hubbard
60622	chicago , il 60622
312-666-2372	312-666-2372 tel
coronas	$ 3 coronas & heineken
heineken	$ 3 coronas & heineken
l.a.	unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the l.a. section .
lifeboats	after the sinking of the titanic in 1912 , was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking ?	solas covers just about every aspect of safety at sea , including minimum safety equipment , practices , and standards , lifeboats , navigation practices , fire protection , and so on .	edit : also i forgot to mention earlier , most ( if not all ) cruise ships also practice lifeboat drills weekly , and it is not uncommon to see them to actually launch the lifeboats into the water as part of their drill when you are in port .	this not only ensures the lifeboats are operational and will work if needed , but makes the crew proficient at launching them .
solas	solas ( safety of life at sea ) , which is an international maritime treaty , came about in response to the tragedy of the titanic .	if you ever go on a cruise ship , you will be required to attend a solas muster drill ( lifeboat drill ) within 24 hours of sailing .	solas covers just about every aspect of safety at sea , including minimum safety equipment , practices , and standards , lifeboats , navigation practices , fire protection , and so on .	we are much safer today on board ship due to solas , and i suppose if any good came out of the titanic tragedy , the adoption of solas is probably it .
http://www.caribbean-cruising.net	http://www.caribbean-cruising.net
--------------------------------------------------	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	-------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------	--------------------------------------------------
naha	how is the night life in naha ?	there 's the market in naha , which is great .	i 'm not sure that there 's much nightlife in naha .	naha 's not a very big city .
conveyor	eat at a conveyor - belt sushi restaurant .
sashimi	you can find all sorts of fresh food and get a really delicious , fresh sashimi / sushi lunch upstairs .	we decided to try this place last night because we noticed that it had some interesting things on the menu aside from the usual rolls -- live scallop sashimi , duck breast nigiri with foie gras , panko mussels -- but none of these were particularly great or worth the sticker price .
nightlife	i 'm not sure that there 's much nightlife in naha .	you might have to make your own nightlife by finding an izakaya ( pub ) somewhere .
izakaya	you might have to make your own nightlife by finding an izakaya ( pub ) somewhere .
semiautomatic	my brother said they only had full - auto and semiautomatic during vietnam .
m16	1 ) what the s difference between a modern m16 and vietnam m 16 ?
16's	2 ) did vietnam m 16's have a 3 - shot burst function ?	2 ) all m 16's are either automatic or semi automatic .
16s	to save money robert mcnamara ordered that the ammunition for the new m - 16s being sent to sea in the early 60s use an older ( dirtier ) type of gunpowder meant for use with the m - 14 .
dirtier	to save money robert mcnamara ordered that the ammunition for the new m - 16s being sent to sea in the early 60s use an older ( dirtier ) type of gunpowder meant for use with the m - 14 .	once the troops started cleaning the weapon properly ( even with the dirtier powder ) the vietnam era m - 16 turned out to be a good weapon for the purpose it was being used for .
jamming	he also ordered that the receiver not get a ( i think chrome ) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming .	as a result there was a problem with the weapon jamming .
clog	vietnam m 16 used to clog up and never work .	i called over the weekend due to clogged kitchen sink .
;p	you play too much cod ;p
aftershocks	are there still aftershocks ?	as for christchurch , yes the aftershocks are still happening , but these are fairly small - you can feel them , but the do n't do any damage .	despite the aftershocks i would recommend going to christchurch , just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes .
rotarua	is it safe to go to rotarua , since the earthquakes ?
rotorua	rotorua is fine .
cbd	however the cbd is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and has n't been cleared away yet .
ps.	http://www.arps.org.au/chernobyl.htm	the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use , i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates .	the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use , i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates .	( ps. i 'm assuming you 'll stop off in wellington , and since it s summer , may i recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos ?
kaffee	( ps. i 'm assuming you 'll stop off in wellington , and since it s summer , may i recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos ?	just recently discovered them last time i was down there , they 're very nice ) www.kaffeeeis.co.nz
eis	it was khalid mohammed who told authorities about aafia siddiqui , who has a phd from brandeis in neurology .	there is an old saying that applies in this situation : " act in haste , repent at leisure . "	heisenberg was n't sure .	( ps. i 'm assuming you 'll stop off in wellington , and since it s summer , may i recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos ?	just recently discovered them last time i was down there , they 're very nice ) www.kaffeeeis.co.nz	he is feisty , as most king snakes are , but he is a very nice little guy - he never tries to bite or anything .	this is a spectacular ship , a very popular choice of families to spend their leisure time .	sheisters	on the internet site of monotheism and holy war ( al - tawhid wa al - jihad ) , the group allegedly declared , " we announce that the tawhid and jihad group , its prince and soldiers , have pledged allegiance to the sheikh of the mujahideen osama bin laden . "	one witness at the moutasaddiq trial in germany alleged that zarqawi had not allowed monotheism and holy war to share resources with al - qaeda in the early zeroes of the 21st century .	zarqawi is a jordanian , and his monotheism and holy war group in afghanistan probably had a distinctive coloration as mainly jordanian , palestinian and syrian .	monotheism and holy war obviously does have a violent interpretation of salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so - called german peasant rebellion among early protestants did .	another worrisome sign is that local iraqi sunni fundamentalists opposed to the us presence in iraq have begun joining monotheism and holy war , and wearing its distinctive orange and black insignia .	has anyone ever worked for steiner leisure cruises ?
creams	" their screams changed , " dr. fortier said .	( ps. i 'm assuming you 'll stop off in wellington , and since it s summer , may i recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos ?
gelatos	( ps. i 'm assuming you 'll stop off in wellington , and since it s summer , may i recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos ?
www.kaffeeeis.co.nz	just recently discovered them last time i was down there , they 're very nice ) www.kaffeeeis.co.nz
hh	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .	they have sent over their top reporter ahmed mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of al - sahhaf .	they began to withhold power from california , and on dec. 7 the iso declared its first stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .	he 's always like " ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours , i wish i had mine ! " and he is n't even joking .	this is the cage i have whhich is pretty much impossible to escape from :	but i would go for the base number of 15 hh .	i got my horse when i was 12 and i was already 5 ' 9 - 5 ' 10 , thankfully i stopped growing when i hit 5 ' 11 " but my horse is about 16.2 or 16.3 hh , tb .	i 'm 5 ' 3 - 4 " and am 21 well will be in nov and my horse is 14.2 hh and she 's perfect size for me i can hop right on with no mounting block ..... only with a saddle though haha i ca n't bareback , not yet	were they roughhouse playing ?	they sometimes do nt get along ( you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though , two girls tend to fight a lot .	i 'm no detective but ... uhh ... seriously ?!?	the fallujah fighting has killed fair numbers of iraqi noncombatants , including shaikh abdul wahhab al - janabi of the respected association of muslim scholars .	as such , we will distribute net shares calculating the proper withholding at fair market value the day prior to notifying the transfer agent .	john donovan from argghhh! has put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in fallujah .	because usamah is saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the wahhabi school of islam that predominates among saudia 's some 15 million citizens .	tttthhhhh madonna !
16.2	i got my horse when i was 12 and i was already 5 ' 9 - 5 ' 10 , thankfully i stopped growing when i hit 5 ' 11 " but my horse is about 16.2 or 16.3 hh , tb .
16.3	on september 21 , 2004 , the u.s. senate appropriations committee approved $ 16.379 billion in funding for nasa for fiscal year 2005 .	" national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) : is funded at $ 16.379 billion , an increase of $ 200 million over the fy04 enacted level , and a reduction of $ 665 million from the budget request .	i got my horse when i was 12 and i was already 5 ' 9 - 5 ' 10 , thankfully i stopped growing when i hit 5 ' 11 " but my horse is about 16.2 or 16.3 hh , tb .
spurt	so do n't be afraid to get something a little bigger than " perfect " just in case you hit a growth spurt .
14.2	i 'm 5 ' 3 - 4 " and am 21 well will be in nov and my horse is 14.2 hh and she 's perfect size for me i can hop right on with no mounting block ..... only with a saddle though haha i ca n't bareback , not yet
bareback	i 'm 5 ' 3 - 4 " and am 21 well will be in nov and my horse is 14.2 hh and she 's perfect size for me i can hop right on with no mounting block ..... only with a saddle though haha i ca n't bareback , not yet	i would n't bother with yoga i 'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem , ride bareback , with no irons , there s also a way to ride on your knees ?	that help alot with your thigh muscles ( bareback though )
iguazu	where in the world is iguazu ?	iguazu falls	widely considered to be one of the most spectacular waterfalls in the world , the iguazu falls on the border of argentina and brazil , are a certainly must see attraction in the area .	with the sun shinning down on the spray , creating a rainbow in the foreground , this is the perfect place to get that trademark iguazu falls photograph .	however , save some of your shots for the rest of the falls , as in total there are around 270 cascades that spread out over nearly 2 miles of the iguazu river .	the iguazu falls are easily accessible and , dependent on your time restrictions and budget , you can get to the area by either bus or plane .	the nearest towns to the site are puerto iguazu in argentina , about 12 miles from the falls , and foz do iguacu in brazil , which is equally close .	iguazu is a big or a small country ?	iguazu is not a country ....	iguazu is in argentina :)	what language is talked in iguazu ?	well , i do n't ask questions here because i have no clue what " iguazu " is ...
garganta	the centre of the falls is known locally as ' garganta del diablo ' ( the devil 's throat ) , where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air .
shinning	with the sun shinning down on the spray , creating a rainbow in the foreground , this is the perfect place to get that trademark iguazu falls photograph .
foreground	with the sun shinning down on the spray , creating a rainbow in the foreground , this is the perfect place to get that trademark iguazu falls photograph .
cascades	however , save some of your shots for the rest of the falls , as in total there are around 270 cascades that spread out over nearly 2 miles of the iguazu river .
foz	the nearest towns to the site are puerto iguazu in argentina , about 12 miles from the falls , and foz do iguacu in brazil , which is equally close .	foz on the brazilian side is the larger town , however both are geared up to cater for visitors to the waterfalls and national parks , and so offer a range of accommodation for all budgets .
iguacu	the nearest towns to the site are puerto iguazu in argentina , about 12 miles from the falls , and foz do iguacu in brazil , which is equally close .
reclining	the bus is obviously the cheaper option , and travelling up from buenos aires the trip is a full 20 hours , although the buses are very comfortable with spacious reclining seats .
idk	i am going to try and study aboard but idk where i can go i can not decide where do you think would be the best place to go ?	give me an address or something please idk .	idk ur choice
deliteful	london is a deliteful city to visit and easy to get around .
parisians	parisians dislike americans for their lack of speaking french and proper french manners .	nobody likes the parisians , even then parisians do n't like parisians .
experice	i did this at age 13 in champagne , france and it was the most amazing experice of my upbringing .
bta	the confidante and right - hand man of dr. ayman zawahiri admitted that zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against us targets .	the us army recipe was not used , and obtaining the unprocessed ames strain of anthrax used does not warrant the weight given it by some press accounts .	the present evidence relating to atta 's alleged travel to prague does not warrant a conclusion that al qaeda obtained the ames strain from iraq .	the brochure for the conference and associated workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below : < http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>	as we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable , it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .	as you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain elpaso row , we will have to look at plan b which would be to put the metering on our row .	questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of may 1 .	as you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain elpaso row , we will have to look at plan b which would be to put the metering on our row .	questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of may 1 .	the csis report cites numerous areas where iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect , anti-shipping cruise missiles : ' iran has obtained new anti-ship missiles and missile patrol craft from china , midget submarines from north korea , submarines from russia , and modern mines . ' "	does the bta have to be paid first to come to canada ?	http://www.country-couples.co.uk/datingtips/basic-travel-allowance-bta-dating-scam/
scammers	that is a term invented by online romance scammers	this is an invention of the scammers . "
http://www.country-couples.co.uk/datingtips/basic-travel-allowance-bta-dating-scam/	http://www.country-couples.co.uk/datingtips/basic-travel-allowance-bta-dating-scam/
scammer	that is a term invented by online romance scammers	" second only to flight money , the basic travel allowance ( bta ) is the scammer s highest paying income .	this is an invention of the scammers . "	a single call to cic will confirm there is no such thing as a bta to canada and anyone asking for this is a scammer http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp
wodges	also known as the personal travel allowance , traveller s allowance fee , traveller s assistance fund , traveller s assurance fund and numerous other forms of " i have to have wodges of your cash or they wo n't let me fly " .
http://www.romancescam.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=7231	http://www.romancescam.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=7231
cic	a single call to cic will confirm there is no such thing as a bta to canada and anyone asking for this is a scammer http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp	a single call to cic will confirm there is no such thing as a bta to canada and anyone asking for this is a scammer http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp
birthdate	just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your full name , birthdate , home address , etc or that you were not conned into sending money .
conned	just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your full name , birthdate , home address , etc or that you were not conned into sending money .
anti-fraud	contact the anti-fraud centre to report this http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/english/home-eng.html
http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/english/home-eng.html	contact the anti-fraud centre to report this http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/english/home-eng.html
http://nigeria.usembassy.gov/scams.html	http://nigeria.usembassy.gov/scams.html
tankmates	large tank , no annoying tankmates , perfect water conditons and really good feeding .
conditons	large tank , no annoying tankmates , perfect water conditons and really good feeding .
dempseys	jack dempseys are not an easy cichlid to breed .
cichlid	jack dempseys are not an easy cichlid to breed .	i was thinking cichlids ?	i 've never kept cichlids though .
bredders	bredders take the one that in not very interested and put it alone in a breeeding tank for 3 - 5 days .
breeeding	bredders take the one that in not very interested and put it alone in a breeeding tank for 3 - 5 days .
6.5	the p h should be 6.5 - 7 .
bloodworms	now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms , blackworms and / or earthworms as it can eat for 3 - 5 days .
blackworms	now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms , blackworms and / or earthworms as it can eat for 3 - 5 days .	with extra blackworms and maybe frozen ( defrosted , rinsed ) frozen foods earlier in the day , they may leave 30 - 40 eggs at a time .
earthworms	now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms , blackworms and / or earthworms as it can eat for 3 - 5 days .	if they are able to take earthworms uncut , that is really impressive !
ther	the moi in iraq is equivalent to the us fbi , so this would be like having j. edgar hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	it reminds me too much of the arvn officers who were secretly working for the other side in vietnam .	the police commander of ninevah province announced that bombings had declined 80 percent in mosul , whereas there had been a big jump in the number of kidnappings .	his mother was also killed in the attack .	two other dulaim leaders have been killed in the past week and a half .	if he or she did not , then they should have all the same rights as other iraqis .	yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars , they only come out in the open when americans leave the area , then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting their ak - 47's in the air .	and there is nothing we can do about it really , people who are suggesting that we go out and fight them are living in dream land .	everyone is apprehensive , there is some talk that april 9th and 10th are going to be bloody days .	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .	i guess it 's just the old new arab ' me against my brother , me and my brother against my cousin , me and my cousin against my enemy ' , or ' the enemy of my enemy is my friend ' thing going on again .	speaking of fallujah , we have only al - jazeera to rely on for our news from there .	someone who called himself abu hafs from the ibn al - khattab brigades ( another new group ) was on al - jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the marines and he sweared that american soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents .	he added that " america does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation , they were kicked out of somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in mogadishu for the whole world to see " , and that " the day will come when the dead bodies of americans and jews would be dragged , defiled , and stepped on in the arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters " .	we all know what happened , but even to this day , there are many different versions and opinions on how it happened and what effect chernobyl will have on the health of people affected by the fallout .	there was a soothing authoritative unscear ( united nations scientific committee on the effects of atomic radiation ) report in 2000 on the health effects of chernobyl confirming that there was no scientific evidence of any significant radiation - related health effects to most people exposed .	in the last decade , there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and , to a certain extent , adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former soviet union ( wi940 ) which should be attributed to the chernobyl accident until proven otherwise .	the prestigious iaea ( international atomic energy agency ) published an early report on chernobyl which was based on information from russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	as a child in the 50's i had a lot of glandular problems and they treated it with radiation therapy ( primitive at best ! ) and stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging -- they said it was not ca but stopped the treatments ....	do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......	the urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming , and makes me more grateful for the blessings i have .	his military intelligence has captured major figures like abu zubayda and khalid shaykh muhammad , as well as nearly 500 other al - qaeda operatives , over 400 of whom the pakistanis have turned over to the us .	they would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operations , which is also a nuclear power .	on the other , restrictions should be lifted on the mainstream muslim league - n and pakistan people 's party , who can defeat the mma in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret police .	on the other hand , the us should strong - arm india and pakistan into a final settlement of the kashmir issue .	sharon 's hard line has worked in tandem with hamas 's terrorism to ratchet up tensions further and further , which spill over into the muslim world and serve as a recruiting tool for al - qaeda in its search for agents willing to hit the united states .	3 ) make iraq another afghanistan , using the republican right 's own tactics against them .	response : iraq is actually hostile territory for al - qaeda , and without iraqi sympathizers it can not succeed there .	he could not name the others .	" further , i find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly after voicing his public opposition to the comprehensive test ban treaty .	another answer is that edwards certainly knows far more about foreign affairs now than bush did then .
temp	al - zawahiri attempted to use musharraf 's lack of progress in helping the muslims of that indian state as a justification for his overthrow .	although musharraf did turn against the taliban after september 11 , under extreme duress from the us , elements of his military continued to support radical islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on musharraf himself .	over nine dozen temples that had served the hindu population have been destroyed , with some used as building material and others as urinals .	simultaneously , new delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert kashmir into a second afghanistan .	over nine dozen temples that had served the hindu population have been destroyed , with some used as building material and others as urinals .	a 1970 evaluation said bush " clearly stands out as a top notch fighter interceptor pilot " and was " a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for leadership . "	many iraqis , including conservative and religious iraqis , are surprisingly rooting for the iraqi communist party , probably in an attempt to counter the influence of islamists in the forthcoming national assembly .	terrell , a cia asset originally recruited for the contra effort , identifies the man attempting to recruit him into the philippine scheme as oliver north ...	the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka , and the recent " coup " by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure . +	a recent report by a journalist from port blair , in the andamans , quoted an unnamed official saying that foreigners from myanmar , bangladesh and sri lanka have permanently settled in the islands , using fake indian ration cards , while citizens of thailand , china , indonesia and malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leave .	the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina wazed last august 21 at a political rally in dhaka , and the recent " coup " by nepalese king gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure .	moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to kabul leading taliban commanders , who have been living quietly in pakistan and have taken no part in the taliban insurgency .	his explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of fallujah last spring , killing 600 iraqis , most of them women and children , in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries , one of them a south african .	that temper is only one problem .	after he found out from somebody else , archibald attempted to talk to mr. bush about it .	you do not have to claim that the holocaust never happened , and that the jewish temple in jerusalem never existed .	the good news is that all of this is temporary , because the evolution of international law has always adapted itself to reality .	on the other hand , a certain transition democracy , as in jordan , may be a better temporary solution , paving the way for the real thing , perhaps in the same way that an immediate sudden democracy did not work in russia and would not have worked in china .	in early june 2003 , a central intelligence agency ( " cia " ) report publicly disclosed that the reason for mohammed atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	a recently released islamist who had been a close associate of zawahiri said that zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in russia and the middle east .	in early june 2003 , a cia report concluded that the reason for atta 's and zacarias moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	it was a cubist piece from the 1920s and i believe you called the technique a " push wa " ( pronunciation vs an attempt at the proper spelling ) .	i have attempted to revise them to make them clearer .	dari and i vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to gibson and kyle complaining of sommer 's duplicity , but after tempers cooled , mkm and i decided not to send it to stan or urge him to send a written response .	therefore they will not attempt to make this claim .	i have attempted to incorporate the changes that jim has incorporated in our long form power agreement which ena has suggested to date into the short form .	we should resurrect mike smith 's note and get him on the call in the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one .	thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm ( unit being ) in its attempt to attain a link with the macrocosm ( cosmic consciousness ) .	this attempt is normally referred to as mysticism .	the bronze medal is given to people who " risk their lives to an extraordinary degree while saving or attempting to save the lives of others . "	at least one expert believes china 's intentions might include a surprise attempt to circle the moon with astronauts before nasa 's planned lunar return .	civet cats are trapped and placed in small cages inside darkened sheds , where the temperature is kept up to 110 f by fires .
calico	i have a 1 1 / 2 year old female calico .
spayed	when she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .	i have a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female kitten .	but i had my cat spayed through their reduced / free spay and neuter program and the vet they sent us to was first of all a hour and a half away , and 4 days later we had to bring them to our normal vet because the vets at the place in wisconsin did a crappy job and they got infections .
uterine	when she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .
peeing	recently she has been peeing a lot .	she is also peeing around the box and somehow it gets underneath .	he might even start peeing on things in fear .
urination	frequent urination is a sign of several things .
untreated	given the chance your cat may only have one kidney , i would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease , which untreated can lead to possible renal failure .
listlessness	vomiting , bad breath , and listlessness .
toxins	seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream .
immigeration	i want to apply for canada skilled immigeration program .
minimunm	i got only 63 points while 67 minimunm is requirement .?
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp	according to the citizenship and immigration canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it states " note : you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing . "
minimums	unfortunately , both minimums were above my score .
http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html	good news ... i found a web page run by canadian immigration lawyers at http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html .
fineally	( i just thought he wanted me to see one of those chain letter things again ) so i fineally checked it , and it was an e mail from southwest airlines telling me the flight dates for out family trip to florida !!!
-_-	do n't get me wrong i want to go , but for 2 days -_- i mean seriously .
****	******************************************************************	******************************************************************	********** note **********	***********************************	***** directions for how to post to news groups !!! *****	**** sigh **** not trying to sound snooty or stuck up but i mean really !	cathy ****** five stars for lake forest tots .	she is a pure b**** !!!	******************************** notice *************************************	************************************************	************************************************	******************* internet email confidentiality footer *******************
snooty	**** sigh **** not trying to sound snooty or stuck up but i mean really !
.!	a least you r going .!	enjoy those 2 days it better then not going at all .!	i asked for a fried egg on my enchiladas ... and did not get it .!	hospitality .!	very good hospitality offered .!
crapload	hope you have a crapload of fun !
burckhardt	the term renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century , in the work of historians such as jacob burckhardt .
literate	although the origins of a movement that was confined largely to the literate culture of intellectual endeavor and patronage can be traced to the earlier part of the 14th century , many aspects of italian culture and society remained largely medieval ; the renaissance did not come into full swing until the end of the century .
rinascimento	the word renaissance ( rinascimento in italian ) means " rebirth " , and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that renaissance humanists labelled the dark ages .
humanists	the word renaissance ( rinascimento in italian ) means " rebirth " , and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that renaissance humanists labelled the dark ages .
periodizing	2 ) the expression high renaissance , in art history , is a periodizing convention used to denote the apogee of the visual arts in the italian renaissance .
apogee	2 ) the expression high renaissance , in art history , is a periodizing convention used to denote the apogee of the visual arts in the italian renaissance .
1490s	the high renaissance period is traditionally taken to begin in the 1490s , with leonardo s fresco of the last supper in milan and the death of lorenzo de' medici in florence , and to have ended in 1527 with the sacking of rome by the troops of charles v .
de'	the high renaissance period is traditionally taken to begin in the 1490s , with leonardo s fresco of the last supper in milan and the death of lorenzo de' medici in florence , and to have ended in 1527 with the sacking of rome by the troops of charles v .
1527	the high renaissance period is traditionally taken to begin in the 1490s , with leonardo s fresco of the last supper in milan and the death of lorenzo de' medici in florence , and to have ended in 1527 with the sacking of rome by the troops of charles v .
sacking	the high renaissance period is traditionally taken to begin in the 1490s , with leonardo s fresco of the last supper in milan and the death of lorenzo de' medici in florence , and to have ended in 1527 with the sacking of rome by the troops of charles v .
hochrenaissance	this term was first used in german ( hochrenaissance ) in the early nineteenth century , and has its origins in the " high style " of painting and sculpture described by johann joachim winckelmann .
winckelmann	this term was first used in german ( hochrenaissance ) in the early nineteenth century , and has its origins in the " high style " of painting and sculpture described by johann joachim winckelmann .
over-simplifying	[ 1 ] over the last twenty years , use of the term has been frequently criticized by academic art historians for over-simplifying artistic developments , ignoring historical context , and focusing only on a few iconic works .
http://travel.state.gov/travel/cis_pa_tw/cis/cis_1052.html	http://travel.state.gov/travel/cis_pa_tw/cis/cis_1052.html
silkie	what would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female ?	i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?
pekin	i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?
silkies	i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?
pics	one thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in with the first two questions as i 've listed .	if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks ?	the lighting was not the best , but the pics turned out ok in my opinion .	i will be calling tropics for my companie s next event !	they recovered the pics geeksquad deleted .
hens	everyone is apprehensive , there is some talk that april 9th and 10th are going to be bloody days .	" further , i find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly after voicing his public opposition to the comprehensive test ban treaty .	she added that recent visits to the island by india 's top military brass including army chief general nirmal chander vij have " caused apprehension among tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island " .	attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the gas industry restructuring / natural gas strategy proceeding , including the motion for approval of the comprehensive settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the comprehensive settlement , the comprehensive settlement document itself , and the various appendices to the settlement .?	hard copies of the comprehensive settlement , including all declarations and signature pages , are being shipped tonight via us mail to all parties on the service list .?	as a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk yesterday , could someone develop a comprehensive list identifying all omnibus attachments ?	i know that a transaction of this magnitude would make anyone apprehensive and worried .	they 'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want , plus all the information you need to apply .	if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks ?	yes , but be sure that your chickens are all hens ( i mean not roosters ) , roosters may attack rabbits or anything they see moving , so be aware of that , hens are friendly with almost all kinds of pets !	you said they live in different cages and they are free in day , so no problem , do n't put both of them in one cage because rabbits bedding is different than that of hens , wet bedding can cause diseases in them !	i do think some y!a users need to work on their reading comprehension as i ca n't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse .	my previous apprehension has been dismissed and i no longer have a sinking feeling when my next appointment is due !	do n't get the rooms off the two kitchens .	becky stephens@enron	becky a. stephens litigation unit , enron corp. 713/853-5025 eb 4809	they offer an exceptional compensation package including a healthy salary , comprehensive benefits program , and ample room for associates to grow within the firm .	a thoroughly comprehensive service ; excellent communication and best of they are transparent with their fee ( ie nothing is simply implied or assumed ) .
crossbred	a sussex crossed with silkie would make a crossbred * mutt * chicken .
mutt	a sussex crossed with silkie would make a crossbred * mutt * chicken .	cheney was looking at maps of iraq oil fields and muttering about opportunities for us companies there , already in january or february of 2001 .
hookless	silkies have hookless feathers .	all offspring from this cross will have soft feathers , as hookless feathers are a recessive gene .
sussexs	sussexs have soft feathers .
recessive	all offspring from this cross will have soft feathers , as hookless feathers are a recessive gene .	sussex have white skin which could be recessive or dominate .	comb type : silkies have walnut combs which is actually genetically two comb types ( rose and pea ) single is also there , but is recessive .
rec.	either way rec. and dom. white genes dilute the black gene .
dom.	either way rec. and dom. white genes dilute the black gene .
dilute	either way rec. and dom. white genes dilute the black gene .	some people put in a very dilute acriflaven solution to slow down the fungus , so one can take white eggs out with a pipette or eyedropper .
beards	beards / muffs : if your silkie has a beard / muff the offspring could have a beard as well , as these genes are incomplete dominate .
muffs	beards / muffs : if your silkie has a beard / muff the offspring could have a beard as well , as these genes are incomplete dominate .
muff	22 - number of hours prisoners were handcuffed , shackled , and made to wear surgical masks , earmuffs , and blindfolds during their flight to guantanamo .	beards / muffs : if your silkie has a beard / muff the offspring could have a beard as well , as these genes are incomplete dominate .
shanks	feathered feet / shanks - chicks could have feathered feet / shanks as this is also incomplete dominate .
combs	comb type : silkies have walnut combs which is actually genetically two comb types ( rose and pea ) single is also there , but is recessive .
combed	so crossed to a sussex you could get a walnut , pea , rose , or single combed bird .
incompletely	crossed together ( five toes is incompletely dominate ) chicks could develop to have an fifth toe on both , or even one foot .
rhoderunner	jamie / rhoderunner
d7000	i took some photos of my model girlfriend with my nikon d7000 .	http://i.imgur.com/s2md2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/t2zff.jpg http://i.imgur.com/xytex.jpg i took some photos of my model girlfriend with my nikon d7000 ( see links above ) .
http://i.imgur.com/s2md2.jpg	http://i.imgur.com/s2md2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/t2zff.jpg http://i.imgur.com/xytex.jpg i took some photos of my model girlfriend with my nikon d7000 ( see links above ) .
http://i.imgur.com/t2zff.jpg	http://i.imgur.com/s2md2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/t2zff.jpg http://i.imgur.com/xytex.jpg i took some photos of my model girlfriend with my nikon d7000 ( see links above ) .
http://i.imgur.com/xytex.jpg	http://i.imgur.com/s2md2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/t2zff.jpg http://i.imgur.com/xytex.jpg i took some photos of my model girlfriend with my nikon d7000 ( see links above ) .
deleting	deleting a question where you do nt like the answer wo n't get you better answers ... i refer to my previous answer :
gf	1 . the pricing that we have given crra is specific to fuelcell energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , onsi would be a lot more money ) .	would a more appropriate time be after the global operations controller meeting in october when we should have worldwide buy - in and commitment to these standards and ( hopefully ) our first draft of a meaningful exception report ?	clearly he s mad that people know he took her pic off the net and it 's not his gf	we were in springfield , il for a family funeral from kansas city .	the only agreement i can find is a master sale spot w / city of springfield .	i need to hav sm good time spent with my gf .. in kerala .. in which all places in kerala shal i expect ambience and privacy for making love .. pls help . thank you
compositionally	compositionally , this one is not my favorite , i would suggest trying a different crop because i do nt think cutting her off at the calf looks great .
blurring	using a fairly wide aperture is also helpful in blurring out unwanted background elements .
waked	after a person dies , their remains are " waked " in their home for roughly 2 - 3 days .
desisted	in this time visitors will come to the house , pay their respects to the desisted and their family and have a couple of cups of tea with a sandwich or a bun .
boarder	wakes are common both north and south of the boarder with protestants and catholics alike .	this can tend to be a stressful experience in itself let alone adding crossing boarders for the first time .
abstaining	the pioneers was an organization started at the end of the 19th century which pushed and supported the ideal of temperance ( abstaining from alcohol ) , in an attempt to deal with the massive issue of alcoholism that ireland was gripped by .	the supreme court announced its ruling today in hamdan v. rumsfeld divided along idelogical lines with john roberts abstaining due to his involvement at the d.c. circuit level and anthony kennedy joining the liberals in a 5 - 3 decision that is 185 pages long .
hight	pioneers take a pledge to remain tee - total and at the hight of the organization popularity , had an estimated two million members even filling croke park on the 25th anniversary .
croke	pioneers take a pledge to remain tee - total and at the hight of the organization popularity , had an estimated two million members even filling croke park on the 25th anniversary .
unarguable	the orange order and the 12th of july marches would be argued by some not to be an irish custom but unarguable ticks every criteria to be considered one .
ticks	" ay , " said sancho ; " it must be that some of your worship 's shrewdness sticks to me ; land that , of itself , is barren and dry , will come to yield good fruit if you dung it and till it >>	if in dongle you mean usb stick then yes usb sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question .	the orange order and the 12th of july marches would be argued by some not to be an irish custom but unarguable ticks every criteria to be considered one .	linda is the rudest person you will ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy , rude people that live there , not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others .
paraded	the marches on the 12th of july are only really attended by protestants in the ulster but in spite of the are the largest attended paraded in ireland .	however , we waited and waited and in the mean time , saw 4 groups of people simply just paraded in without signing there names .
brack	barn brack and the ring .	the irish customs we have in our family are ; we make sinnel cake for easter , barn brack and col - cannon for halloween .
sinnel	the irish customs we have in our family are ; we make sinnel cake for easter , barn brack and col - cannon for halloween .
http://news.yahoo.com/nestl-purina-releases-commercial-aimed-dogs-183443091.html	i heard that a company ( here is a link : http://news.yahoo.com/nestl-purina-releases-commercial-aimed-dogs-183443091.html ) is trying to make a dog food commercial aimed at dogs , complete with squeaky chew - toy sounds , and high pitched sounds that humans ca n't hear .
squeaky	i heard that a company ( here is a link : http://news.yahoo.com/nestl-purina-releases-commercial-aimed-dogs-183443091.html ) is trying to make a dog food commercial aimed at dogs , complete with squeaky chew - toy sounds , and high pitched sounds that humans ca n't hear .
advert	the advertising farce of how much he loved linda ( woman whose quality he did not deserve ) , was exposed when it was known that paul had an affair with heather mills , linda 's intimate friend , with whom mccartney went on a trip to new york and to whom he bought things and presents , while he was still mourning for his " dear linda " .	as far as i understand , this ad will get dogs excited , but my question is : can dogs actually see the images featured in the advert like humans ?	700 f jobs are n't advertised .	this store is proof that you can fool people with good advertising .	the moving company is actualy based in brooklyn , but advertised all over ny / nj , including fort lee .	know this well because i remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .
t.v.	so what about t.v. ?	do dogs enjoy watching t.v. ?	well , t.v. is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture .	to a dog , watching t.v. is a lot like watching and old scratchy silent film because their flicker fusion seems to occur at a rate of 70 to 80 hz .	so chances are that if your dog likes to watch t.v. , it 's probably because of the sounds .
scratchy	to a dog , watching t.v. is a lot like watching and old scratchy silent film because their flicker fusion seems to occur at a rate of 70 to 80 hz .
choppy	so they see the pictures flicker slower and there for it seems choppy to them .	brought dog home and it s all choppy now !
entery	cures kidney and gall bladder troubles , gastric trouble , dyspepsia , acidity , dysentery , obesity and liver diseases .	hearing is a dog 's secondary sense , and i will discuss that in another blog entery .
0.70	i saw a site that charges $ 0.70 per mile .
safest	some people are willing to take your horse , but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the world .
rusted	rusted , torn corners in the stalls , unhealthy air , straight load instead of slant load can all make travelling hard , if not downright dangerous , on your horse .	rusted out and unsafe cars sold here !
unhealthy	rusted , torn corners in the stalls , unhealthy air , straight load instead of slant load can all make travelling hard , if not downright dangerous , on your horse .
downright	rusted , torn corners in the stalls , unhealthy air , straight load instead of slant load can all make travelling hard , if not downright dangerous , on your horse .
dehydrated	he was dehydrated when he got there and lost weight .	i do nt want him to get dehydrated and also should i try to give him a little bit of food ?	he could become severly dehydrated ( especially if he continues to vomit and have diarrhea ) .	and being dehydrated , vomiting , and having diarrhea just does n't feel good .
insured	we are ex-cons , uninsured , homeless , of many colors and speaking many tongues .	make sure the trailer service you use is bonded / insured and knows something about first aid .
customize	second is there any way to sort of customize the places you wan na go to ?	2 . short of chartering your own ship and crew , i do n't see any way you could customize your own itinerary .	and no you can not customize an itinerary unless you book several different legs of a cruise with stops in between on shore .. say book a panamal canal crossing , then fly to asia and pick it up again and sail to india then fly to europe to sail the med before flying to england to hit the transatlantic corssing .
http://www.cruisecompete.com/specials/regions/world/1	http://www.cruisecompete.com/specials/regions/world/1
cruisecompete	you may be able to do better on the rates if you request competitive quotes via cruisecompete ) .
chartering	2 . short of chartering your own ship and crew , i do n't see any way you could customize your own itinerary .
itinerary	2 . short of chartering your own ship and crew , i do n't see any way you could customize your own itinerary .	and no you can not customize an itinerary unless you book several different legs of a cruise with stops in between on shore .. say book a panamal canal crossing , then fly to asia and pick it up again and sail to india then fly to europe to sail the med before flying to england to hit the transatlantic corssing .
customise	no possibility to customise ports of call .
i.e	greendale likely refers to green river valley -- i.e. , cairo 's egyptian islamic jihad or the islamic group .	1 . the pricing that we have given crra is specific to fuelcell energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , onsi would be a lot more money ) .	i.e. are we covered if we proceed a word with " enron " ?	for banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. u.s. and u.k. branches ) .	what expiration date are you using , i.e. : for monthly call options the 15th of the relevant month , and for daily options ?	he needs more info about these trades ( i.e. , price info ) and would like to talk with you about it .	prearranged about 18 months in advance as the cruise lines sell segments all along the way i.e transatlantic to london ( england ) , england to barcelona ( spain ) , barcelona to alexandria ( egypt ) , egypt to india via suez canal etc .	i.e .
panamal	and no you can not customize an itinerary unless you book several different legs of a cruise with stops in between on shore .. say book a panamal canal crossing , then fly to asia and pick it up again and sail to india then fly to europe to sail the med before flying to england to hit the transatlantic corssing .
corssing	and no you can not customize an itinerary unless you book several different legs of a cruise with stops in between on shore .. say book a panamal canal crossing , then fly to asia and pick it up again and sail to india then fly to europe to sail the med before flying to england to hit the transatlantic corssing .
haight	the whole western addition and a large portion of the haight was black .	it 'll take you to all the major sites ( gg bridge , haight , chinatown , etc ) and you can get off anyplace you want to spend more time at .
asians	as the southeast asians and philipinos came over , they added to the cultures .	so , the bay area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long time -- caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that 's because most tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so that 's who the photographers took pictures of .	only caucasians had any political power , corporate presence or owned businesses except for mom and pop stores in some neighborhoods .
philipinos	as the southeast asians and philipinos came over , they added to the cultures .
caucasians	so , the bay area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long time -- caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that 's because most tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so that 's who the photographers took pictures of .
hippies	so , the bay area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long time -- caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that 's because most tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so that 's who the photographers took pictures of .
ethicities	the other ethicities were n't well represented in politics yet -- or rather , they were just breaking the color barrier in the 70's due largely to the more open - minded hippy generation .
70's	the other ethicities were n't well represented in politics yet -- or rather , they were just breaking the color barrier in the 70's due largely to the more open - minded hippy generation .	the atmosphere is your typical indie outfit with old movie posters and memorabilia from the 70's and 80's .
hippy	the other ethicities were n't well represented in politics yet -- or rather , they were just breaking the color barrier in the 70's due largely to the more open - minded hippy generation .
illegals	many illegals were not counted in the population until the mid-80s .
mid-80s	many illegals were not counted in the population until the mid-80s .
calif	these 22 countries , with all their oil and natural resources , have a combined gdp smaller than that of netherlands plus belgium and equal to half of the gdp of california alone .	please let them know that i was simply quoting the ceo of a large , regulated utility in california .	given the short notice , we will politely decline to participate at the hearing on monday , but will let the good senator know that , in general , we intend to engage actively in the process and plan to help california find a solution that works for everybody .	iep will be hosting a dinner for california governor gray davis on thursday , december 7 , 2000 at the historic julia morgan house in sacramento .	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste	goal is to ( politely ? ) refute loretta lynch 's and carl woods ' continued assertions that 1 ) california 's move to deregulate was based solely on ideology with no basis in fact and 2 ) the solution is to turn back the clock to command - and - control regulation .	if ercot goes the way of california - either due to market power or poor market design rules - it will be a bad day for deregulation and for pat wood .	wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of california 's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit .	in the medium case , investigations find that enron ( like others ) " played by the rules , " but the rules stunk , and enron profited at the expense of california consumers .	a state senate committee is set today to start serving 16 subpoenas on electricity producers and officials who manage california 's energy grid to determine whether they acted in concert to manipulate energy prices .	lawmakers and consumer groups allege that the events - directed by the man who heads the state 's energy grid - fueled the california energy crisis , pushed the state into the power - buying business and helped make billions of dollars for power producers .	at the time , generators were refusing to sell power in california because of the price caps .	they began to withhold power from california , and on dec. 7 the iso declared its first stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .	robinson said the filing - granted two hours after the request - helped rather than hurt californians .	" they filed an emergency motion , and we were not about to let california go dark , '' hoecker said .	" terry said he made that filing in the interest of californians , but i find that argument has no basis in fact . ''	a team of san diego 's best anti-trust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the electric generators and marketers in california state court in an effort to return the electricity overcharges that have battered san diego and the rest of california this year .	parmesan has spent much of her career studying the checkerspot butterfly , which migrates between mexico and southern california .	" there have been large numbers of population extinctions in mexico and southern california in areas where the habitat is still acceptable . "	the family here ( california ) wanted to fly any family members from there to ca , so they could remain here until things got straightened out down there .	237 - minimum number of misleading statements on iraq made by top bush administration officials between 2002 and january 2004 , according to the california representative henry waxman .	there has always been a mexican - american cultural influence since calif was owned by mexico .	there are 50 of them , 48 located from maine to florida and california to washington state and all in between .	as a native southern californian i can tell you that this is not authentic mexican food .	as of january 10 , 2005 , my source of income changed from the mozilla foundation to google , inc. of mountain view , california .	there 's also a miramar in california , the site of a rather large air force base ...	miramar california is a bit north of san diego .	mr. villega is an exceptional california criminal defense lawyer .	i think this is actually a good thing -- makes our proposal look like a much more preferable alternative by comparison , makes our support in the process more important , and sets harvey up as the ralph nader equivalent in the election to fix california 's broken system --- a potential spoiler .
hutch	there is already a little dog house that i would turn into a little rabbit hutch being kept back there and i was thinking about keeping the rabbit in the run with the chickens , but keeping the chickens in the coop and the rabbit in the hutch at night .	( the rabbit hutch would have an opening only big enough for the rabbit , the chickens would not be able to get to the rabbit food ) also , is it okay if the rabbit occasionally sneaks a few bites of chicken feed ?
scraps	we feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day , but it 's nothing that a rabbit would n't be able to digest just fine .
veggies	we feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day , but it 's nothing that a rabbit would n't be able to digest just fine .	also try green leafy veggies , like kale and spinach .	they do n't just dump your ingredients on and cook either , but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush .	the selection of meats , veggies and sauces is awesome too !
sneaks	( the rabbit hutch would have an opening only big enough for the rabbit , the chickens would not be able to get to the rabbit food ) also , is it okay if the rabbit occasionally sneaks a few bites of chicken feed ?
roosters	yes , but be sure that your chickens are all hens ( i mean not roosters ) , roosters may attack rabbits or anything they see moving , so be aware of that , hens are friendly with almost all kinds of pets !	from my experience hens ( not roosters ) are very friendly with duck , guinea pigs , kittens , cows , rabbits , etc .
kittens	from my experience hens ( not roosters ) are very friendly with duck , guinea pigs , kittens , cows , rabbits , etc .	fostering 6 week old kittens and hating it !	i wanted to volunteer and help animals , and decided to try fostering kittens .	this is my first experience and i have two six week old kittens right now and am at my wit s end .	depending on the batch of kittens , i will often have as many as one per kitten .	but in the meantime , highly recommend jeans and long sleeves anytime you 'll be interacting with the kittens .	try visiting the kittens a few times a day for short periods of time .	if you still do n't enjoy the kittens , see what other opportunities are available .	take the kittens back to the shelter .	- page 71 , 72 and 73 with 48 new pictures of cats and kittens are added to the cat album today .
non-veg	be sure not to feed your rabbits non-veg items !
burrow	many of us have burrowed beneath the surface to find a spiritual sense of being , an understanding force at least as powerful as those we succumbed to , and many of use would n't escape if you opened the front door .	from my understanding , if it s heated from the bottom , my snake risks burning its belly if it burrows and rests directly on top of the glass over the heater unless i buy some of that reptile carpet to put under the substrate , but it has better heat distribution	i use uth's on all of my burrowing snakes .	rabbits do burrow also so do n't be surprised if chicken are falling into holes .
bras	she added that recent visits to the island by india 's top military brass including army chief general nirmal chander vij have " caused apprehension among tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island " .	the bombings implicated muslims , and exacerbated regional tensions which the bush regime and its friends wearing the brass in the philippine military sought to exploit .	melting brass did not work ?	my friends and i are trying to melt bras to make some little figures .	we have made a furnace as such , we took a clay flower pot with a hole in the bottom put a piece of steel pipe in the middle of it with a cap on the bottom , filled the pipe with brass scrap , surounded the pipe with charcoal lit it off and pumped air through the hole in the pot , everything got red hot but did not melt .	molten brass is damn hot and usually it 's pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen .	i melt brass and cast it http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm	maybe a back brase will help , sometimes my back really gets to me and i 've thought about getting one .	they were abrasive and rude - when they were the ones who messed everything up .	i get microdermabrasions regularly and i love the environment
surounded	we have made a furnace as such , we took a clay flower pot with a hole in the bottom put a piece of steel pipe in the middle of it with a cap on the bottom , filled the pipe with brass scrap , surounded the pipe with charcoal lit it off and pumped air through the hole in the pot , everything got red hot but did not melt .
pewter	i would recommend to start with something more simple like tin , pewter , aluminum or zinc , they all have a much more reasonable melting point .	i would recommend to start with something more simple like tin , pewter , aluminum or zinc , they all have a much more reasonable melting point .
pressurized	molten brass is damn hot and usually it 's pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen .
foresaw	even if you did melt it , i doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it .
tooling	it 's really too advanced for a beginner , both in tooling and safety .
fumes	recently , i read an email that reported the horrific nightmare civet cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires , so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes .	just the zinc fumes will get you , if you do n't take precautions .
melts	pewter is perfect for what you are doing , and it melts on a stove top .	brass melts at just under 2000 f which is a bright yellow heat , not red hot .
blacksmithing	i bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal ( e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal , not barbecue charcoal ) .
crucible	i have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch ( much larger than the plumbers torch , but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill ) .
propane	i have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch ( much larger than the plumbers torch , but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill ) .	i use propane with a blower and a burner i built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm
plumbers	i have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch ( much larger than the plumbers torch , but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill ) .	we would like to thank our emergency plumbers who visted our shop in morningside road today .
http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm	for example , a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting must be dry - it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip - while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#lggobproj	i melt brass and cast it http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm
http://www.mikegigi.com/techspec.htm#selctemp	http://www.mikegigi.com/techspec.htm#selctemp
blower	i use propane with a blower and a burner i built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm	they also claimed not to see anything wrong with the blower fan ( a seperate issue ) , but when i drove the car home i had the same symptoms .
http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm	i use propane with a blower and a burner i built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm
http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm	i use propane with a blower and a burner i built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm
halal	should all uk towns and their cafes or restaurants provide halal food ?	they could not find any cafes or food shops that provided halal prepared foods .	it s important to their religion that they only consume halal food .	when i went to bosnia , all the meat was halal .	to prevent animal cruelty , many countries forbid halal and kosher meat .
utensils	it s simply not just a case of avoiding pork , alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat , but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods .	they always ask if you have meat in your dish , ( for vegetarians like me ) , they scrub an area of the grill and use separate utensils to cook .
cutlery	cafes and restaurants rarely use the same cutlery for different food groups anyway , they normally have blue for bakery items , red for cooked meat , brown for raw meat , etc - all for food preparation and hygiene policies .
kosher	to prevent animal cruelty , many countries forbid halal and kosher meat .
dictate	we ca n't dictate what business wants to open where .
pythons	they do n't know anything about ball pythons .
buttered	once you 've buttered them up a bit try to get them to the pet store and ask one of the employees to handle the snake showing your mom how gentle and harmless they can be .
pester	be persistent , but do n't pester them about it cause that 'll get you nowhere fast .	i 've had to pester this new guy several times to ask when my table will arrive .
nagged	do all your chores without being nagged , take care of any existing pets , keep your room clean , and so on .
affectionate	i really do love my snake cause she is actually an affectionate cold - blooded creature .	you have always been on the move seeking affectionate , satisfying and harmonious relationships .
>:(	like seriously !! >:(
iw	hiller asked bush to name the leaders of chechnya , taiwan , india and pakistan .	bush was only able to give a partial response to the query on the leader of taiwan , referring to taiwanese president lee teng - hui simply as " lee . "	the reason for this is that india is emerging as an alternative investment destination to china , hence the favor that the generals in islamabad do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving india when in fact the real flashpoints are the taiwan straits and north korea .	hazim al - sha'lan , by the way , is the son of the late sheikh of al - khaza'il in diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister , m.s. al - sahaf , in his nonsensical media statements , which can be passed as jokes .	the connection , however , lies in an order issued last year by president hu jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by america in case of conflict over taiwan .	the successful launch from the jiuquan satellite launch center in northwest china follows the solo flight of yang liwei in october 2003 .	this threat exists not merely on a military level , though china could force a confrontation in the pacific by way of taiwan .	washington would really have to anger japan and korea to provoke such action , but in a showdown with china - over taiwan , for example - china holds the cards .	iw ould just stick him in the tank and let your snake have a nice hunt for once , snakes jaws detach for this sort of this thing , so why not give her a good hunt , but if you do want him knock him i d just throw him against the wall or something ,, lol i do nt know , i agree with you though throw him , haha	it 's called kiwi heaven and it 's across the river from cho ben tre .	the american people were not having any of it , and elected richard nixon to fix the mess lbj had made ( not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding ) .	http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&rlz=1g1gglq_enus359&q=gunther+uecker+biography&gs_sm=c&gs_upl=484l484l0l5093l1l1l0l0l0l0l328l328l3-1l1l0&um=1&ie=utf-8&tbm=isch&source=og&sa=n&tab=wi&biw=1221&bih=756&sei=xvg5tqrrgoxk2axg0ry-bw#um=1&hl=en&rlz=1g1gglq_enus359&tbm=isch&sa=1&q=gunther+uecker+artist&pbx=1&oq=gunther+uecker+&aq=1s&aqi=g1g-s3&aql=&gs_sm=c&gs_upl=10219l10219l0l13797l1l1l0l0l0l0l125l125l0.1l1l0&bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.,cf.osb&fp=13ddcdc64cbf5fd&biw=1221&bih=756
ould	the moi in iraq is equivalent to the us fbi , so this would be like having j. edgar hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	in suwayrah , kut province , two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated .	some 2,000 junior officers of the old baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months , something chalabi would have blocked if he could have .	if he or she did not , then they should have all the same rights as other iraqis .	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .	he added that " america does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation , they were kicked out of somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in mogadishu for the whole world to see " , and that " the day will come when the dead bodies of americans and jews would be dragged , defiled , and stepped on in the arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters " .	in the last decade , there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and , to a certain extent , adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former soviet union ( wi940 ) which should be attributed to the chernobyl accident until proven otherwise .	i would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing .	they would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operations , which is also a nuclear power .	but so was it unlikely that a small group of arab mujahidin would virtually take over afghanistan .	on the one hand , it should pressure musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " legal framework order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	on the other , restrictions should be lifted on the mainstream muslim league - n and pakistan people 's party , who can defeat the mma in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret police .	on the other hand , the us should strong - arm india and pakistan into a final settlement of the kashmir issue .	it should continue to be defanged .	certainly , the shiites already hate al - qaeda and would help ; likewise the kurds .	the thing to keep in mind is that sunni arab nationalists and baathists and local sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the us in iraq than al - qaeda infiltrators , and it would be dangerous to take one 's eyes off the former ball .	texas gov. george w. bush is enduring sharp criticism for being unable to name the leaders of four current world hot spots , but president bill clinton says bush " should , and probably will , pick up " those names .	he could not name the others .	" i find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " gore said .	not only did bush not know who general pervez musharraf was , he seems to have confused coup - making with " taking office , " and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the pakistan military , then the world 's strongest supporter of the taliban , would bring " stability ! "	he could n't tell when things were becoming more unstable as opposed to less .	so , one answer to bush 's charge about edwards is that if it had any merit , bush should have declined to run himself .	as the american public gradually wearies of the iraq crisis , some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the us by creating the conditions for anti-american terrorism .	tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process	but there are strong hints in the country that a new indo - sri lanka defense deal could be in the making .	" the sri lankan government does not want to initiate a conflict but would be interested in deterring the ltte from starting one .	a veteran of india 's military intervention in the jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 indo - sri lanka peace accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable ltte - kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment .	japan 's special envoy , yasushi akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to colombo and kilinochchi in early november a frustrated man .	but there are strong hints in the country that a new indo - sri lanka defense deal could be in the making .	" tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process , " tna member of parliament p sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a statement .	but kalkat pointed out that india would be ill - advised to be involved again , militarily , with sri lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic tamils in the indian state of tamil nadu - separated from sri lanka 's jaffna peninsula by the narrow palk straits .	simultaneously , new delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert kashmir into a second afghanistan .
detach	iw ould just stick him in the tank and let your snake have a nice hunt for once , snakes jaws detach for this sort of this thing , so why not give her a good hunt , but if you do want him knock him i d just throw him against the wall or something ,, lol i do nt know , i agree with you though throw him , haha
,,	iw ould just stick him in the tank and let your snake have a nice hunt for once , snakes jaws detach for this sort of this thing , so why not give her a good hunt , but if you do want him knock him i d just throw him against the wall or something ,, lol i do nt know , i agree with you though throw him , haha
youre	ok so if youre snake will take pre-killed , you can " gas it " .
pre-killed	ok so if youre snake will take pre-killed , you can " gas it " .	if it wo n't take pre-killed and you usually feed live then you could hold the rat by the tail and whack it against a hard surface , like a refrigerator or wall .
tupperwear	just put the rat in a sealed tupperwear container with no airholes and wait until it passes out and dies and then feed it .	i would do the tupperwear idea tbh - easiest and most humane .
airholes	just put the rat in a sealed tupperwear container with no airholes and wait until it passes out and dies and then feed it .
whack	if it wo n't take pre-killed and you usually feed live then you could hold the rat by the tail and whack it against a hard surface , like a refrigerator or wall .
i'd	i do n't like that option though - i think it 's pretty cruel and i'd not done properly you 'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake .
tbh	i would do the tupperwear idea tbh - easiest and most humane .
prongs	and also maybe try holding the rat in feeding prongs so your snake can get a good hold and grip on his prey .
immigrate	according to the citizenship and immigration canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it states " note : you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing . "	but , can you immigrate ?	http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/index.asp	coming to stay , and overstay your three months visit will lead to immediate expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to canada - not good .
favours	being an american guarantees you no favours when it come to going to canada .
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/index.asp	http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/index.asp
overstay	coming to stay , and overstay your three months visit will lead to immediate expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to canada - not good .
...........	hmmmmmm ....................	for those who believe ....................	let s be clear about this ...........	whatever you do ............... do not try to come here with out legal permission .	mixed tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad .
process's	if you have not begun the application process's now < you are about 2 to 3 years away from being approved by immigration canada .
...............	hmmmmmm ....................	for those who believe ....................	whatever you do ............... do not try to come here with out legal permission .	mixed tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad .
shih	i have a 4 months shih tzu puppy .
tzu	i have a 4 months shih tzu puppy .
swivels	when he swivels his head to go for it anyway , tell him sharp " uh uh " gently correct him with a small tug and continue your walk .
scold	and always , always train with love and positive methods - never hit or harshly scold .
clicker	or , as i saw on embarrassing pets on tv , get a clicker type thing and treats as well .
varanasi	what sort of hotel could i expect to find in new delhi / agra / varanasi for rs 500 per night ?	in varanasi i do n't know .	to stay in varanasi - sandeep hotel is you choice ...
ajay	in delhi i 'd recommend ajay guesthouse .
guesthouse	in delhi i 'd recommend ajay guesthouse .
travelguides	i 've stayed in a more expensive hotel there , but you can check some travelguides or tripadvisor ?
tripadvisor	i 've stayed in a more expensive hotel there , but you can check some travelguides or tripadvisor ?
taj	in a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of karzai , iran , russia and india which have traditionally backed the tajik dominated former northern alliance made strenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate younis qanooni to strike a deal with karzai before the elections and not to oppose karzai .	qanooni refused to accept the iranian advice as his fellow panjsheri tajiks urged him to stand against karzai .	it was nice and close to the taj .	i would call it the taj mahal of the east coast !	you can find them from indian oil building , sector - 37 , taj express road ( bus stops ) etc.
http://www.goldentriangleindia.com/delhi/hotels-in-delhi.html	http://www.goldentriangleindia.com/delhi/hotels-in-delhi.html
aster	to stay in delhi - hotel aster inn is best to stay in delhi .	dr. aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of both my daughters .	dr. aster is very kind an gentle with the children , but also positive and to the point with the parents .
karol	it is in karol bagh .	sheer contrast to getting it done at karol bagh which is done under the wooden plank
bagh	it is in karol bagh .	sheer contrast to getting it done at karol bagh which is done under the wooden plank
birla	some beautiful locations like close to karol bagh shopping market , presidential palace , and birla mandir temple and connaught place and jantar mantar are near to it .
connaught	some beautiful locations like close to karol bagh shopping market , presidential palace , and birla mandir temple and connaught place and jantar mantar are near to it .
jantar	some beautiful locations like close to karol bagh shopping market , presidential palace , and birla mandir temple and connaught place and jantar mantar are near to it .
mantar	some beautiful locations like close to karol bagh shopping market , presidential palace , and birla mandir temple and connaught place and jantar mantar are near to it .
atithi	to stay in agra - hotel atithi and aditya palace is perfect for you .
aditya	to stay in agra - hotel atithi and aditya palace is perfect for you .
sandeep	to stay in varanasi - sandeep hotel is you choice ...
degu	http://www.netpetshop.co.uk/p-19500-savic-chichi-2-chinchilla-rat-degu-ferret-cage.aspx	a degu , a rat , a mouse , a hamster or a guinea pig ?	the guinea pig is better because it s a lot larger than a hamster , rat , mouse , or degu .
degus	i 've had experience with all of those pets except degus .
trainable	they 're incredibly social , highly trainable , and very clean .
hoodie	mine learned to " go to the bathroom " only in their cages and loved to ride on my shoulder or hang out in my hoodie pouch .
trios	the only downside is they should be kept in pairs or trios and require a pretty large habitat .	again , pairs or trios and pretty big living space .
skittish	i could handle my mice , but they where skittish and preferred their cage .
cavies	guinea pigs ( also called cavies ) are gentle creatures and are awake during the day and sleep at night .
lettuce	they will whistle when they hear you as an encouragement for you to give them a treat like leaf lettuce .	they love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos , celery , cucumbers , carrots .	do n't feed them broccoli , cauliflower , garlic , onions , head lettuce .... they are all too difficult for them to digest .
romaine	they love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos , celery , cucumbers , carrots .
tomatos	they love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos , celery , cucumbers , carrots .
celery	they love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos , celery , cucumbers , carrots .
cucumbers	they love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos , celery , cucumbers , carrots .
carrots	they love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos , celery , cucumbers , carrots .
broccoli	do n't feed them broccoli , cauliflower , garlic , onions , head lettuce .... they are all too difficult for them to digest .	salad bar is hit and miss for freshness - sometimes the broccoli looks browned around the edges .
cauliflower	do n't feed them broccoli , cauliflower , garlic , onions , head lettuce .... they are all too difficult for them to digest .
potatos	also they ca n't eat potatos , they are toxic for them .
cleaser	if you keep the cage clean they do n't smell and you can buy spray on cleaser for them , just massage it into their coat and groom them .
fostering	fostering 6 week old kittens and hating it !
poop	they track poop everywhere ( most disgustingly my bed .... ) , and am constantly trying to climb up everything , including my bare legs !	for some reason it takes them awhile to learn not to step in poop .
disgustingly	they track poop everywhere ( most disgustingly my bed .... ) , and am constantly trying to climb up everything , including my bare legs !
scooping	they can produce a lot of waste and even scooping twice a day they can get messy .	generally they 're not clawing and biting , they do n't make nearly as much mess , they do n't need nearly as much litterbox scooping , etc :)
diarrhea	also if they have diarrhea , check in with your foster coordinator .	he could become severly dehydrated ( especially if he continues to vomit and have diarrhea ) .	and being dehydrated , vomiting , and having diarrhea just does n't feel good .
deworming	they made need medication or deworming or something .
inappropriately	to some degree you can / should help teach them not to use their teeth and claws inappropriately .
socialization	they may need foster homes for adult cats in different situations .. sick , recovering from surgery , need a little socialization , etc .
clawing	generally they 're not clawing and biting , they do n't make nearly as much mess , they do n't need nearly as much litterbox scooping , etc :)
litterbox	generally they 're not clawing and biting , they do n't make nearly as much mess , they do n't need nearly as much litterbox scooping , etc :)
volunteering	decide volunteering is not your thing and give them back !
;-)	and do more research before you agree next time ;-)	the motel is very well maintained , and the managers are so accomodating , it 's kind of like visiting family each year ! ;-)
evidentary	what r the evidentary requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada ?
expedited	for $ 56 you can even have it expedited and will get in three business days or your money back .
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119274.html	http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119274.html
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119275.html	http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119275.html
followings	carnival and royal caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have strong followings .
aficionados	some cruise aficionados refuse to sail on one or the other .
mariner	for our comparison we sailed on two similar ships - the carnival liberty and the royal caribbean mariner of the seas .	the mariner of the seas traveled to its private island coco cay and labadee ( the north coast of haiti ) .	we felt that the main shows on the mariner of the seas were better .	dining room we enjoyed the atmosphere of both dining rooms on the liberty and mariner of the seas .	we felt that the menu had a little more variety on the mariner of the seas .	friendliness of staff the liberty and mariner of the seas both get high grades .	we did have one waiter that complained some on one of our trips on the mariner .	pools the mariner of the seas and liberty both had salt water pools - which most cruise ships have .	we did not try the spa on the mariner of the seas .
cozumel	itinerary both ships go to caribbean islands like jamaica , grand cayman , cozumel , st. thomas , the bahamas and st. martin / st. maarten .
maarten	itinerary both ships go to caribbean islands like jamaica , grand cayman , cozumel , st. thomas , the bahamas and st. martin / st. maarten .
cay	itinerary both ships go to caribbean islands like jamaica , grand cayman , cozumel , st. thomas , the bahamas and st. martin / st. maarten .	the liberty also visited its private island half moon cay , puerto rico , and grand turk .	the mariner of the seas traveled to its private island coco cay and labadee ( the north coast of haiti ) .	lovely nails on cayuga st. in lewiston , ny
labadee	the mariner of the seas traveled to its private island coco cay and labadee ( the north coast of haiti ) .
juggling	on the liberty we liked the comedian and juggling act .
friendliness	friendliness of staff the liberty and mariner of the seas both get high grades .
cruiseline	royal caribbean is better , but the best cruiseline is regent seven seas .
rssc.com	look on their website rssc.com
walmart	carnival has been called the walmart of cruise lines ...	( these new car keys are expensive to copy , you ca n't just go to walmart . )	whereas my answer to the question " where do you get your laundry done ? " used to be , " at the checkout line at walmart , " i can honestly say the answer now is , " at the laundry tub . "
collage	equine collages uk need help !!!?	can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 ( degrees or foundation degrees ) in either :	( i have 1 year before collage ! )	1 year before collage or college ?
hehe	so i can start saving now hehe	best salsa ( hehehe )
typo	no one 's going to take you seriously if they 're full of typos and whatnot .	i mean when i graduate & yes , college , sorry for the typo .	http://www.prosperitypos.com?p=ya
smartest	not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you 've never traveled before and you do n't put where you would be traveling from .
worldly	not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you 've never traveled before and you do n't put where you would be traveling from .
bilboa	bilboa on the north coast , pamplona and the very famous guernica .
pamplona	bilboa on the north coast , pamplona and the very famous guernica .
guernica	bilboa on the north coast , pamplona and the very famous guernica .
algarve	a road trip to lisbon and the algarve in portugal before a mountain escape in the pyrenees and a stop in andorra before heading over to france and italy and austria and switzerland .
andorra	a road trip to lisbon and the algarve in portugal before a mountain escape in the pyrenees and a stop in andorra before heading over to france and italy and austria and switzerland .
dislikes	i 've traveled to all of these places and could certainly tailor a trip to your needs based on budget , actual time allowed , your likes and dislikes .
europass	i recommend buying a single unlimited europass and travelling anywhere in the eu your heart desires .
obudu	obudu cattle ranch .
menaces	territory is very important to cats , and they are very nervous when they go into a new place - a new house could be full of predators , or unknown menaces - well at least he thinks so .
potty	she is crate trained , potty trained , and can sit , lay down , stay , come , fetch , and will even stay in a down position while i throw a treat across the floor or even right next to her paw , and she wo nt get it until i give her the command .	there is a splash fountain ( no standing water ) for little ones still in diapers ; next is a wading pool for those who are potty trained ; then a family pool ; finally there is a pool for adults only with kids not allowed .
tosses	she tosses me around like it s nothing !
repition	... but basically , what i do is the same thing i did with my puppy ... lots of patience , lots of time , lots of praise , lots of treats , and lots of repition .... right ?
mekong	where can i find the best tours to the mekong delta at reasonable prices ?	will only be in ho chi minh for 4 days and i am looking for a 1 day or 2 day trip to mekong delta .
pricey	i have been researching on line and find things are quite pricey but the tours look great .	sure , some items are a little pricey , but c'm on ... have you ever been out to eat in seattle before ?	a bit pricey , so i did n't go very often , but it was always a treat when i did .	but otherwise , it can feel pricey for what you get .
sinh	tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .	while india is ready to enter into a " defense cooperation agreement " with sri lanka , it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the island nation 's two decades - old civil war that has seen violent strife between ethnic tamils and the sinhalese majority - leaving over 60,000 dead on both sides .	" tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process , " tna member of parliament p sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a statement .	apart from the 1,200 indian lives lost in 1987 , the indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in tamil nadu and the jaffna peninsula but also among the sinhalese majority who considered it a violation of their country 's sovereignty .	if you want reliable and inexpensive ... try sinh cafe / tourist .	also , sinh cafe has been around for a long time and is very reputable .	sinh cafe is not a cafe .
packer	the are located right at 248 de than st. in the heart of the back packer district .
tele	yesterday evening , the posada story was featured in the public television news show in germany ( ard , tagesthemen ) .	it is always shown on television in great detail .	most of the " talking heads " on television , however , knew only that daschle and leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of al qaeda beyond what they read in the us newspapers .	payment shall be made , against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the general terms and conditions , in the contractual currency by telegraphic transfer no later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the commodity is released to buyer .	the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use , i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates .	the telephony group has the new tw hotline number and extensions ready for use , i have the solution center entering the greetings and terry kowalke has a new form and procedure for the customer service reps. to use for updates .	if you have received this communication in error , please immediately notify us by telephone ( 713-546-5000 ) , and destroy the original message .	tele # 84838389593	cold , slimy , tasteless however is the same in all languages and foods .	big mistake - the food was tasteless and cold .	over telephone , immediate .	if you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	an orphaned , two - month old african elephant named olly received an extremely uplifting christmas present this year : an airplane ride just for him , courtesy of the international fund for animal welfare and their friends ' the bateleurs ' .	telephone number	the telephone number is incorrect - our new mobile number is 07551310002 or landline 01634 710033 .
84838389593	tele # 84838389593
souvenirs	you take a boat across the river , then spend a day biking , eating at a local restaurant , buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists .
pho	at weekend press conferences in salt lake city and phoenix , fbi and state officials said jeffs " is considered armed and dangerous and may be traveling with armed bodyguards . "	photographs from a seized computer disc included the controls and the locks on the door between the passengers and pilot .	neil has a meeting in san antonio ( usually it is in miami , san francisco , phoenix - not so great this year ) .	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	laurie ellis enron net works llc client services phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	radianz 1251 avenue of the americas 7th floor new york , ny 10016 usa phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 email : kyle.jones@radianz.com	grand hyatt hotel 1000 h street nw washington dc 20001 phone : 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax : 202.637.4781 website : http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html	wyndham washington dc 1400 m street nw washington , dc 20005 phone : 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 fax : 202.785.0786 website : http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm	game 15 : monday , august 6 @ 7:00 pm vs. phoenix mercury	kriste k. sullivan enron corp. - legal eb 4861 ( 713 ) 853-7557 phone ( 713 ) 646-5847 fax	i 'm fine in texas , still hanging out with phoebe and chloe , working hard , etc .	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	what are good b & w software 's photography ?	ps , if you make it to thanh pho ben tre , stay a night at my friend ken 's hotel .	pho - nomenal !!	i have been eating pho for almost my entire life and i 've always gone to the pho places in south philly and off the boulevard and even the other one in chinatown , but when i tried this pho place , it blew the other pho houses away !!	traci warner enron broadband services , inc. phone ( 713 ) 853-3242 cell ( 713 ) 705-7201
kiwi	it 's called kiwi heaven and it 's across the river from cho ben tre .
moto	elena 's motorcycle tour through the region around chernobyl has revived interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history .	with each breath , feel the muscles in your body becoming lighter and lighter , and also your external motor and sensory organs are feeling like they are withdrawing from the world into a special inner quietness .	it 's a little hard to get to by foot , they 're rebuilding the bridge , but you can get someone to moto - taxi you there for a dollar or less .	i had john and dustin working feverishly to get my exhaust motor replaced .	i paid 2 k cash for a truck with a blown motor .
ex-pat	he 's an ex-pat from new zealand and he 's been in town for awhile .
intrepid	we went with intrepid as a part of their north to south vietnam trip , but they do offer this one day separately .	intrepid is good at getting you away from the most touristy spots and showing you something a little different .
candies	we had a great time and visited a location where they made coconut candies , visited a local restaurant which was attached to a fish farm , rode in modified quad bikes and had some tropical food at what appeared to be a local hangout .
hangout	we had a great time and visited a location where they made coconut candies , visited a local restaurant which was attached to a fish farm , rode in modified quad bikes and had some tropical food at what appeared to be a local hangout .
touristy	intrepid is good at getting you away from the most touristy spots and showing you something a little different .
fino	subject : re : nasa is a waste ! from : jaqamofino - ga on 26 apr 2005 06:02 pdt	i got a riding lesson today on one of my boss 's fino horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is .
unsteady	i got a riding lesson today on one of my boss 's fino horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is .
flops	i just have a few issues supporting my back and my left leg flops .	with your leg flopping , just try putting all your weight in your heel and hang on with only your legs , holding my leg back helps me with flopping the more it 's forward the more it flops :/ work your calf muscles , maybe try standing on the edge of your steps ( on the ball of your foot ) and balance to strengthen those muscles
freakin	because i do n't feel like spending over $ 20 on a freakin dvd
dressage	when i first get on i take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena .
wile	i 'll also trot doing , down 2 beats , up one for a wile , then up 2 down 1 making sure the weight is going into the balls of my feet .
stirrups	if the weight is going into your heels ( it throws your leg forward ) put the stirrups up against the heel of your boot .
irons	i would n't bother with yoga i 'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem , ride bareback , with no irons , there s also a way to ride on your knees ?	in 1998 they were joined by egyptians from the al - jihad al - islami group of ayman al - zawahiri ( many of these were from upper egypt , especially asyut and environs ) .
alot	my concern is that between now and then dunn , the ag have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief , which could be detrimental to generators / marketers ' claims .	unfortunately , all the dangers in the world are no match for the self - assurance of a bubble - encased zealot .	that help alot with your thigh muscles ( bareback though )	i am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird and these are the affordable ones that i like , and i was wondering : which would not bite alot , and which are more fun to have as pets and i need to know which would be quietest i honestly do nt care but my family does !
brase	maybe a back brase will help , sometimes my back really gets to me and i 've thought about getting one .
flopping	with your leg flopping , just try putting all your weight in your heel and hang on with only your legs , holding my leg back helps me with flopping the more it 's forward the more it flops :/ work your calf muscles , maybe try standing on the edge of your steps ( on the ball of your foot ) and balance to strengthen those muscles
:/	http://www.ibiblio.org/expo/soviet.exhibit/chernobyl.html	http://www.ibrae.ac.ru/ibrae/eng/chernobyl/nat_rep/nat_repe.htm#24	http://www.nsrl.ttu.edu/chernobyl/wildlifepreserve.htm	http://www.environmentalchemistry.com/yogi/hazmat/articles/chernobyl1.html	http://digon_va.tripod.com/chernobyl.htm	http://www.oneworld.org/index_oc/issue196/byckau.html	http://www.collectinghistory.net/chernobyl/	http://www.ukrainianweb.com/chernobyl_ukraine.htm	http://www.bullatomsci.org/issues/1993/s93/s93marples.html	http://www.calguard.ca.gov/ia/chernobyl-15%20years.htm	http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/gregorovich/index.html	http://www.un.org/ha/chernobyl/	http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm	http://www.chernobyl.org.uk/page2.htm	http://www.time.com/time/daily/chernobyl/860901.accident.html	http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/elg/	http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.htm	http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/conclusions5.html	http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c01.html	http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c05.html	http://www.physics.isu.edu/radinf/chern.htm	http://www.chernobyl.info/en	http://www.arps.org.au/chernobyl.htm	http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html	http://www.21stcenturysciencetech.com/articles/chernobyl.html	the chernobyl children 's project ( http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp ) offers several ways to help the children of that region .	http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/asin/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939	http://www.disinfo.com/archive/pages/dossier/id334/pg1/	http://www.bigeye.com/111003.htm	http://www.thekcrachannel.com/news/4503872/detail.html	http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0509/p02s01-ussc.html?s=t5	http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/us_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html
gastroenteritis	what to feed my dog after gastroenteritis ?	the vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotics .	is it normal for dogs to throw up blood while having gastroenteritis ?
diarheya	he has been having diarheya everywhere and he began to vomit last night .
pancreatitis	no pancreatitis or anything abnormal .
tryed	i have tryed to give him water but he wo nt take it .. what should i do ?
grocerys	i feel like shit for saying that but after what they have done already i wo nt be buying grocerys for the next few weeks .
seince	seince he recieved the fluids last night he said not to worry about drinking water for at least a couple of days .
etter	the situation in iraq is only going to get better this way .	of course , the sooner the us soldiers can be withdrawn in favor of less - provocative local or international forces , the better .	he obviously liked authoritarian rule better than democracy , equating dictatorship with " stability . "	since the " sea tigers " of the ltte , better known as the tamil tigers , are the ones who rule the andaman sea : they carry the arms and drugs for their own use and also to deliver to rebels in aceh and all along the east coast of africa .	unless new delhi does better in providing security to its own nationals against rebels , secessionists , drug runners and arms traffickers , it will not generate much confidence in the capitals of surrounding nations .	'' there is much better tactical cooperation between our forces on both sides of the border , but the movement of taliban still goes on both ways , '' he adds .	the murder weapon , robinson 's letter opener :	has anyone read the letter purportedly from ahmadinejad to george bush ?	but succintly making point after succint point , the text of the letter stands on its own merit , regardless .	i like to imagine the thought processes going on in w 's head if he were to actually read the letter , but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter .	as i read the letter , i considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it , vs. that of the mind of the man who once said " bring it on ! "	an incredible number of people in the arab world believe that september 11 never happened , or was an american provocation or , even better , a jewish plot .	on the other hand , a certain transition democracy , as in jordan , may be a better temporary solution , paving the way for the real thing , perhaps in the same way that an immediate sudden democracy did not work in russia and would not have worked in china .	" the prophet 's guidance , " says michael scheuer , an al - qaeda analyst who recently retired from the cia and once headed its bin laden unit , " was always , before you attack someone , warn them very clearly ... " the anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in january 1997 to newspaper branches in washington , d.c. and new york city , as well as symbolic targets .	the letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik abdel rahman and those responsible for the earlier world trade center bombing in 1993 .	the letter threatened to use biochemical weapons if the blind sheik was not released .	yazid sufaat provided moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for infocus technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .	zawahiri likely targeted senators daschle and leahy to receive anthrax letters , in addition to various media outlets , because of the appropriations made pursuant to the " leahy law " to military and security forces .	the anthrax letters were sent on the date of the camp david accord and then the date anwar sadat was assassinated as if to underscore the point to anyone paying attention .	there is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to ami , the publisher of the national enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to jennifer lopez enclosing a star of david and proposing marriage .	( the letters were to different ami publications -- one to the national enquirer and another to the sun ) .	( news assistant bobby bender recalls the letter containing the items to have been addressed to the sun . )	this tactic of letters is not merely the modus operandi of these militant islamists inspired by zawahiri , it is their signature .	the islamists sent letter bombs in january 1997 to newspaper offices in new york city and washington , d.c. .	the letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the wtc and a related plot .	the purpose of the letter bombs -- which resulted in minimal casualty -- was to send a message .	according to the controversial " feith memo , " which summarized purported intelligence showing an iraqi / al qaeda connection , osama bin laden had asked iraqi intelligence for technical assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the al hayat letters were sent .	there 's even a chapter titled " poisonous letter " in the al qaeda manual .	the mailer 's use of " greendale school " as the return address for the letters to the senators is also revealing .	a may 2001 letter that zawahiri sent to egyptian islamic jihad members abroad establish that zawahiri used " school " as a code word for the egyptian militant islamists in his correspondence .	third , with the " new age " efrem zimbalist , jr. in charge of the investigation , it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security .	find attached resume and cover letter .
walkin	i found a poor little mouse walking around in my friend s house , and since i was able to catch it very easily ( normally mice move at the speed of light ) , and since it was acting unresponsive , i thought it was infected with mouse poison , since my friend uses it .	he is kind of hate walking with leash , every time i put the leash on , he will try to bite it .	and he is not following me when i was walking .	i went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .	personally i think you should just keep on walking by .	the apartments are within walking distance to trader joe 's , whole foods , and other stores .	there 's a restaurant nearby ( walking distance ) with a great breakfast , and a market across the street .	lol they where super friendly towards us and treated us like people not walking bags of cash .	well then i went on a trip to glasgow and was walking around .	does anyone have any ideas for restaurants within walking distance where i ca n't get lost ?	i love walking in and not being hassled .
wagin	i went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .
everbody	i went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .
intestines	however , if they have been vomiting numerous times , then the blood could be due to irritation of the stomach and intestines .
parvovirus	he could also have parvovirus , a gi foreign body , or any number of things .
radiographs	did your vet take radiographs ( x - rays ) ?
prescribe	2 ) your vet would not prescribe them if they did n't think it would be helpful .	he did nt prescribe pain meds or other drugs , he used his bodytalk method which is unusual but the results are undeniable .
severly	he could become severly dehydrated ( especially if he continues to vomit and have diarrhea ) .
electrolyte	from there you end up with electrolyte imbalances , which can lead to heart and kidney problems .
imbalances	from there you end up with electrolyte imbalances , which can lead to heart and kidney problems .
hydration	it sounds like your dog may benefit from being hospitalized , and put on iv fluids to help his hydration , administer the antibiotics iv , and to ensure that he starts to recover .
veterinarian	you should absolutely call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions about .
etiquette	french dating etiquette ?	however , i 've read on the internet that the french dating etiquette is totally different .
20's	i 'm in my 20's and currently studying in france .
nicer	she is also nicer when we are both alone .	if she is nicer when you are alone i 'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend .	our extra bedroom is nicer now .
stringing	my mind thinks she has no interest in me and just stringing me along .	she is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .
offend	i apologize if i offended anyone .	i should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - i mean it 's such a common spelling .	she is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend .	essentially , i told him i did n't trust him cause he was a car salesman , but he got so incredibly offended at that statement that he had to go cry to another salesman and compose himself before coming back .	sincere appologies to anyone who is offended by my request but my request is genuine .
fancies	you said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you .
pals	take the messages for what they are : she has no objection in you being pals at uni , but she does not want to take matters further .
uni	two hundred members of the batawi clan of the dulaim demonstrated in baghdad on friday , protesting the killing of their clan elder , shaikh kadhim sarhid and 4 of his sons , by gunmen wearing iraqi army uniforms .	( this is a largely sunni arab clan , and some sunni observers have accused shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination ; it is more likely the work of sunni arab guerrillas punishing the batawi leaders for cooperating with the dec. 15 elections . )	some 2,000 junior officers of the old baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months , something chalabi would have blocked if he could have .	now the electoral commission is refusing to punish people for mere past baath party membership .	if al - qaeda can kill musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by islamist junior officers , they can hope to catapult the mma to power as political allies and hosts .	on the one hand , it should pressure musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " legal framework order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	secular arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the palestinians , and those in post-saddam iraq are no exception .	according to professor s d muni , south asia expert at the jawaharal nehru university , the two - year peace talks between colombo and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam ( ltte ) are stalemated .	and the tigers look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive , " muni told ips .	it was the business community in india that stepped in after vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002 , pointing out that the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear war -- was around the corner in the subcontinent was china .	as far as george bush knew , he and his unit could have been transferred to vietnam .	for example , did you know that george bush spent considerably more time in uniform than john kerry ?	a 1971 evaluation called bush " an exceptionally fine young officer and pilot " who " continually flies intercept missions with the unit to increase his proficiency even further . "	many iraqis , including conservative and religious iraqis , are surprisingly rooting for the iraqi communist party , probably in an attempt to counter the influence of islamists in the forthcoming national assembly .	the communist party has the largest number of registered party members in the country and can be considered as the oldest popular political party in iraq .	reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the andaman islands are not only thick with myanmar rebels .	a shipment of weapons , ammunition and explosives , believed to have been purchased from cambodia and worth several million dollars , left the port of phuket in thailand in early february 2001 aboard the freighter comex - joux 3 .	in 1997 , the thai navy reported the interception of a 16 - meter boat after a chase off the thai port of ranong , and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunition .	among the weapons intercepted were two rocket - propelled - grenade launchers , 20 assault rifles , m - 79 grenade launchers and more than 10,000 rounds of ammunition .	however us military officers say regular army officers - many of them pashtun - leading units of the frontier corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the taliban and the mullahs of the jui .	in a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of karzai , iran , russia and india which have traditionally backed the tajik dominated former northern alliance made strenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate younis qanooni to strike a deal with karzai before the elections and not to oppose karzai .	when the flds under mr. jeffs ( and his father before him ) grew to some 10,000 followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of $ 110 million ; when it became clear that government officials , school authorities , and police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect ; when ex-members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges ( mainly involving underage girls forced to marry older men ) ; and when the sect began to use secluded compounds , state and federal authorities started to crack down more vigorously .	an editorial in the church - owned deseret morning news in salt lake city earlier this year acknowledged that " the state 's history , a conservative belief in free choice , and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet 's nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid - glove approach lawmakers and law - enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous communities . "	like in the case of organized crime , it is crucial that the forces on the offensive be united and it is crucial to reach the top of the crime pyramid .	the unity of the civilized world in fighting this horror is absolutely indispensable .	until europe wakes up , this unity will not be achieved .	the inner circles are primarily financed by terrorist states like iran and syria , until recently also by iraq and libya and earlier also by some of the communist regimes .	the outer circle is largely financed by saudi arabia , but also by donations from certain moslem communities in the united states and europe and , to a smaller extent , by donations of european governments to various ngo's and by certain united nations organizations , whose goals may be noble , but they are infested and exploited by agents of the outer circle .	do you raid a mosque , which serves as a terrorist ammunition storage ?	international law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones , stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a government .	the punishment for suicide murder should be death or arrest before the murder , not during and not after .	above all , we need a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evil .
christiane	christiane gave you a good answer .
sluts	you do find the ' get the number hop in bed with her ' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts .
zealander	true or false : being a young new zealander means having no future ?
25,000	your answer does n't do anything but remind me that i 'm going to be $ 25,000 in debt by the time i 'm 22 .
w.a.b.b.y	@ w.a.b.b.y ,
you're	i really like you're answer .
dux	i did n't think i 'd be awarded one , but i received the dux litterarum award at high school , so my chances were probably better than i thought they were .
litterarum	i did n't think i 'd be awarded one , but i received the dux litterarum award at high school , so my chances were probably better than i thought they were .
melodramatic	and yes , i am being melodramatic .
hatmanone	@ hatmanone ,
mellow	a little mellow dramatic ?
employable	we are the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torturing , the disenfranchised convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployed and unemployable .	i may have to live somewhere rural or in auckland , but at least i can be pretty sure i 'll be employable .
racked	on its journey across the bay of bengal the freighter was tracked by the indian navy and orissa - based spy planes of india 's aviation research center ; it was intercepted by indian naval vessels off sri lanka 's east coast .	i have tracked all changes for ease of reference .	half of the 300 phenophases leopold tracked showed a response consistent with warming .	and they 'll probably add interest to what you 've already racked up .	i took my 2001 nissan frontier in to fix a cracked manifold .	they tracked down the only tire that fit my bmw 330i in murfreesboro within minutes and secured it , then they came out , took off my tire ( it was a runflat - but runflats do n't do you any good if they blow out ) , and brought it to their shop to change the tire .	i 'm very frustrated at this point - it would take all of 10 min for them to come by and replace the one board that is cracked ( the crack is deep enough to stick a penny in it and it goes clear through ) yet they do not want to take the time to bother with what once was a happy customer and has now become a dissatisfied customer .
extradite	he should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , cia operative michael meiring .	i doubt he will be extradited to venezuela , which is the only way that question could be answered with a yes .	at the height of the development of his biological weapons program , his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the " albanian returnees " case ( now he faces retrial ) .	and they 're working towards being able to extradite people who have left the country to avoid paying it back .
c.	( this is a largely sunni arab clan , and some sunni observers have accused shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination ; it is more likely the work of sunni arab guerrillas punishing the batawi leaders for cooperating with the dec. 15 elections . )	al - zaman : the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .	http://www.ibrae.ac.ru/ibrae/eng/chernobyl/nat_rep/nat_repe.htm#24	http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm	even a little time spent receiving wholesome , uncontaminated food , good medical care , etc. can add years to their lives .	http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0509/p02s01-ussc.html?s=t5	http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/this_world/4446342.stm	he will make sure that we do not request fx and inflation ( cpi , ppi , etc. ) curves when only one of the curves will actually be used in the valuation process and to determine which inflation index is needed .	i suggest that you compare elena and sarah 's duties / level to other sr. spec. in your group such as kenneth parkhill and sevil to determine if they are equivalent , or if their scope of responsibilities and experience is not as broad .	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	michael gapinski account vice president emery financial group painewebber , inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295	this entity was created in 2000 for the acquistion of warpspeed communications ( now enron warpspeed services , inc. 83n ) , and then dissolved upon completion of merger .	thought you 'd like to know that the dixie chicks are coming back to houston dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the compaq center ... it 's all about you and your needs .	i received this draft from niagara mohawk marketing , inc. for our review .	having spoken with dennis goldmann , i am advised that there are currently 2 guaranties in place in the sum of $ 8 m each : one by niagara mohawk holdings inc f / b / o enron , and one by enron inc. f / b / o niagara mohawk energy marketing .	all comments , suggestions , etc. are appreciated .	i believe we are to some extent already protected with " enron " proceeded with anything , but enrononline ( tm ) , etc. just affords us more protection .	we have received the executed amendment to the subscription agreement with weathertrade , inc. dated march 2 , 2000 .	i understand how competitive the process has become , but i felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , personality , extracurricular activities , etc. that this would compensate for my disability .	i understand that it is a competitive process , but i felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extracurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate for my disability .	i understand that it is a competitive process , but i felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	those who show up and complain , but are not participating in the working groups and the daily ercot phone calls , board meetings , etc. are ignored .	we envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order , filing , etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information .	stephanie , i my preference is to kick their password application back and get them to change it to read something like " cargill ferrous international , a division of cargill , inc. " or " cargill , inc. acting through its cargill ferrous international division " .	cargill ferrous international is the full name of this division and set up as such in gcp with a sub - to - legal link to cargill , inc. per gcp procedure .	stephanie , i my preference is to kick their password application back and get them to change it to read something like " cargill ferrous international , a division of cargill , inc. " or " cargill , inc. acting through its cargill ferrous international division " .	brandee sanborn i.s.c. customer care design & process support http://isc.enron.com/site	it was posted on dec. 11 , but the human resource dept said that if it is still on the internet , it is open .	1 . in section 1.1 , there should be a parentheses after etc. in the 5th line .	they began to withhold power from california , and on dec. 7 the iso declared its first stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .	he believes memos and e-mails around the time of winter 's dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues .	the motion to compel is now scheduled for dec. 12 at 2 p.m .
feisty	he is feisty , as most king snakes are , but he is a very nice little guy - he never tries to bite or anything .
pinkies	i have tried feeding him 5 or 6 live pinkies and 4 or 5 frozen ( thawed ) pinkies .	i have tried " braining " both live and dead pinkies , and bloodying them up to get his attention , but he does n't care .	i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .	when you feed him how many pinkies do you feed him ?
pinky	i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is .	i have tried putting him in a small container and putting him in a dark place for an hour or so and he wo n't touch the pinky .	i have bought some long reptile feeding tweezers and have tried holding the pinky in front of the snake 's face .
crawls	he crawls on top of them but does not try to eat them .
braining	i have tried " braining " both live and dead pinkies , and bloodying them up to get his attention , but he does n't care .
bloodying	i have tried " braining " both live and dead pinkies , and bloodying them up to get his attention , but he does n't care .
gerbil	i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .	i would go with a small rodent such as a mouse , rat , hamster or gerbil if you want something you can handle and hold .
tweezers	i have bought some long reptile feeding tweezers and have tried holding the pinky in front of the snake 's face .
hibernate	do babies this small hibernate ?	they have a natural instinct to hibernate .
pinkie	i have tried feeding him 5 or 6 live pinkies and 4 or 5 frozen ( thawed ) pinkies .	i have tried " braining " both live and dead pinkies , and bloodying them up to get his attention , but he does n't care .	i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .	when you feed him how many pinkies do you feed him ?	my boyfriend has one and when she 's hungry she attacks the pinkie right away .
hibernation	in the winter , they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation - like state called brumation , which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity .	if the snake is not pregnant or shedding , and its enclosure is properly equipped , a loss of appetite probably signals a beginning of hibernation .
brumation	in the winter , they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation - like state called brumation , which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity .
shedding	if the snake is not pregnant or shedding , and its enclosure is properly equipped , a loss of appetite probably signals a beginning of hibernation .	another thing that can cause a king snake to stop eating is shedding .
neutered	i have a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female kitten .
hisses	the next day i let her out of the bedroom so they could check each other out , and the kitten hissed twice within the first 20 minutes of meeting each other and now she no longer hisses and they have been playing ( chasing each other up and down the hall , rolling around on the ground and pawing at each other ) .	the difference is when the cat hisses , that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away .
pawing	the next day i let her out of the bedroom so they could check each other out , and the kitten hissed twice within the first 20 minutes of meeting each other and now she no longer hisses and they have been playing ( chasing each other up and down the hall , rolling around on the ground and pawing at each other ) .
roughhouse	were they roughhouse playing ?
scruff	your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .
f*ck	a hiss is basically a " get the f*ck away " sound .
wagging	when they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing .
tet	what was the goal for north vietnam in the tet offensive ?	however , what they hoped to do during the tet offensive was to sneak past the americans and attack the arvn in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful clear and defend operations .	tet was a huge military and political disaster for the communists .	before tet , the war was unpopular but tolerable to the majority of americans in that the loss of american lives was seen as the cost of subduing the vc and nva .	tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the americans thought they could preserve the south and that the north was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight .
pacify	when johnson deployed troops in 1964 he was advised by the military it would take a half - million troops about ten years to pacify south vietnam .	this left westmoreland with few options , so he adapted a search and destroy strategy instead of a clear and defend strategy which is , in the long run , the preferred method of pacifying an insurgency .
westmoreland	this left westmoreland with few options , so he adapted a search and destroy strategy instead of a clear and defend strategy which is , in the long run , the preferred method of pacifying an insurgency .
pacifying	this left westmoreland with few options , so he adapted a search and destroy strategy instead of a clear and defend strategy which is , in the long run , the preferred method of pacifying an insurgency .
nva	the arvn was not having a big problem with the local vc ( the guerilla movement ) , they were being challenged by the main force vc ( which was light infantry ) and the north vietnamese army ( nva ) .	before tet , the war was unpopular but tolerable to the majority of americans in that the loss of american lives was seen as the cost of subduing the vc and nva .
firepower	when the americans swept in with their search and destroy operations the communists quickly leaned they could not stand up to the us firepower , and these regular troops were forced to flee the country and take sanctuary across the borders in laos and cambodia .
redeploying	the americans detected the attempt to infiltrate the urban areas and were already redeploying troops from the rural areas .
counterattacked	the arvn rushed back from holiday leave and counterattacked .
topple	the people rejected their attempt to topple the government , and for all intents and purposes the us military ( and the arvn ) handed johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time - frame he ordered it .
intents	the people rejected their attempt to topple the government , and for all intents and purposes the us military ( and the arvn ) handed johnson the victory he had ordered them to achieve within the time - frame he ordered it .
obtuse	but johnson was so obtuse he did n't understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter .
platter	but johnson was so obtuse he did n't understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter .
lbj	the american people were not having any of it , and elected richard nixon to fix the mess lbj had made ( not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding ) .
antiwar	the american people were not having any of it , and elected richard nixon to fix the mess lbj had made ( not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding ) .
emancipate	to emancipate the south , but it was a serious failure .
unpalatable	to make the war unpalatable to the american public .
subduing	before tet , the war was unpopular but tolerable to the majority of americans in that the loss of american lives was seen as the cost of subduing the vc and nva .
giap	there is a very good book on the subject that was written by general vo nguyen giap .
reflector	i have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35 % more light / heat and provides beneficial uva rays important to the psycholical well - being of him .
uva	i have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35 % more light / heat and provides beneficial uva rays important to the psycholical well - being of him .	let me try to break this down as simply as i can : diurnal ( active during the day time ) reptiles like the bearded dragon require 3 types of " light , " uva , uvb , and heat .	any white light emitting light source will emit uva , including heat bulbs , that 's the easy one to provide for .	so , to answer your question , no , if you just have a bulb that says it produces uva then you do not have " the sun 's rays " that your bearded needs .	yes , it gives him the " sun rays " necessary , that 's what uva is .
psycholical	i have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35 % more light / heat and provides beneficial uva rays important to the psycholical well - being of him .
eatin	the americans have to put away their free - market fetishism for a while and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into iraqi households .	as the american public gradually wearies of the iraq crisis , some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the us by creating the conditions for anti-american terrorism .	the reason for this is that india is emerging as an alternative investment destination to china , hence the favor that the generals in islamabad do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving india when in fact the real flashpoints are the taiwan straits and north korea .	one member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from ' marriage ' to her father 's own brother .	no one was charged for forced marriage , only the beating .	christ , you 'd think america would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots .	a woman walks into an israeli restaurant in mid-day , eats , observes families with old people and children eating their lunch in the adjacent tables and pays the bill .	in the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister , because such an act is unthinkable , international law does not address killers shooting from hospitals , mosques and ambulances , while being protected by their government or society .	the amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law , and define all those who attack them as " war criminals , " with some western media repeating the allegations .	when she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease the doctor gave her 13 years to live .	and not to belittle the process of creating the standards , the tough part ( and the real meat behind this ) will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these standards .	also , i would like to continue our dialague regarding creating an energy - finance private equity fund at ut .	we should resurrect mike smith 's note and get him on the call in the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one .	look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating , yet they do .	increased car usage in china is creating a high demand for petrol	think internally , intuitively , not by words , of the meaning , as you 're repeating it .	what you are doing is creating a service .	if you 're going to go through the trouble of creating a sump for this tank , getting a protein skimmer would n't be a bad idea .	is under tank heating or side tank heating better for a corn snake ?	otherwise , you can do what you can do in other parts or japan , like shopping , eating , etc .	with the sun shinning down on the spray , creating a rainbow in the foreground , this is the perfect place to get that trademark iguazu falls photograph .	you take a boat across the river , then spend a day biking , eating at a local restaurant , buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists .	remember snakes can go a while without eating .	king snakes sometimes stop eating , particularly during the cooler part of the year .	another thing that can cause a king snake to stop eating is shedding .	he 's getting used to his new home , but has n't eatin yet .	3 ) after about day 2 , they will start to eating the millet spray from your hand .	we liked getting the late dinner seating , so you have more time to see movies and stuff but if your kids are ' early to bed ' you may want the earlier seating for dinners .	i know that i have the possibility of treating him and still having to put him down .	i will have the epm test done before treating .	heating system angels	november 7 , 2010 first time eating at caffe bella italia and it was a wonderful experience .
crickets	i have bearded dragon juvenile food and freeze - dried crickets .	also , beardies often do not eat food that is not moving , so it s anyone 's guess whether or not he 'll touch the freeze - dried crickets or the processed food .
diurnal	let me try to break this down as simply as i can : diurnal ( active during the day time ) reptiles like the bearded dragon require 3 types of " light , " uva , uvb , and heat .
uvb	let me try to break this down as simply as i can : diurnal ( active during the day time ) reptiles like the bearded dragon require 3 types of " light , " uva , uvb , and heat .	uvb on the other hand can only be reproduced by a fluorescent source .	uvb will always be a separate bulb from the heat lamp , unless you use a mvb ( mercury vapor bulb ) which is the only reptile use bulb that will emit both uvb and heat from one bulb .	i highly recommend that you do not use coiled / compact uvb bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage and / or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining uvb output over time .	the long tube uvb bulbs are best , like zoomed 's repsitun model : http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/ remember to replace uvb bulbs according to the manufacturer s recommendation after which time the bulb will no longer produce uvb even if visible light still is .	you need to also provide a source a uvb lighting .	uvb and basking temp ( should be about 110 f for a baby , 95 f for an adult ) should be available for 10 - 12 hours a day .	no , technically they do not need a uvb light ; they are nocturnal .
emitting	any white light emitting light source will emit uva , including heat bulbs , that 's the easy one to provide for .
emit	after all , if you want to be an anti-semite , there are subtle ways of doing it .	any white light emitting light source will emit uva , including heat bulbs , that 's the easy one to provide for .	uvb will always be a separate bulb from the heat lamp , unless you use a mvb ( mercury vapor bulb ) which is the only reptile use bulb that will emit both uvb and heat from one bulb .
mvb	uvb will always be a separate bulb from the heat lamp , unless you use a mvb ( mercury vapor bulb ) which is the only reptile use bulb that will emit both uvb and heat from one bulb .
zoomed	the long tube uvb bulbs are best , like zoomed 's repsitun model : http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/ remember to replace uvb bulbs according to the manufacturer s recommendation after which time the bulb will no longer produce uvb even if visible light still is .
repsitun	the long tube uvb bulbs are best , like zoomed 's repsitun model : http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/ remember to replace uvb bulbs according to the manufacturer s recommendation after which time the bulb will no longer produce uvb even if visible light still is .
http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/	the long tube uvb bulbs are best , like zoomed 's repsitun model : http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/ remember to replace uvb bulbs according to the manufacturer s recommendation after which time the bulb will no longer produce uvb even if visible light still is .
turkistan	crickets , silk worms , phoenix worms , and various feeder roaches , like red - lobster , turkistan , and dubia , are good example of staple insects to offer your bearded .
dubia	crickets , silk worms , phoenix worms , and various feeder roaches , like red - lobster , turkistan , and dubia , are good example of staple insects to offer your bearded .
http://herp-info.webs.com/beardeddragon.htm	http://herp-info.webs.com/beardeddragon.htm
http://www.beardeddragon.org/articles/caresheet/?page=1	http://www.beardeddragon.org/articles/caresheet/?page=1
atleast	mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in .. atleast as far as i 'm concerned .
sheesh	that lady at petsmart is a disgrace to the rest of us petsmart associates ... sheesh .
thermometer	as for the heat , just be sure to use a thermometer .	( i 've even had a pair of killies leave eggs on a floating thermometer !
leafy	also try green leafy veggies , like kale and spinach .
kale	also try green leafy veggies , like kale and spinach .
spinach	email : yamwhatiyam < pop...@spinach.eat >	also try green leafy veggies , like kale and spinach .
quietest	i am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird and these are the affordable ones that i like , and i was wondering : which would not bite alot , and which are more fun to have as pets and i need to know which would be quietest i honestly do nt care but my family does !
finches	i ended up getting a pair of zebra finches for christmas .
chirping	they were chirping and doing their every day business .
tamed	i ve tried to tame them and they just would not get tamed .	i tamed them in 4 days .
eaiser	( the younger the eaiser to tame ) look for clean smooth feathers , beak , and clean vent feathers ( the feathers around the butt .. dirty vent feathers means the bird is not healthy ) look for a dark eye with no circles ( the older ones have a circle ring in their eyes ) .
fo	al - zaman : american forces killed shaikh abdullah al - ani , the preacher at the mosque in the town of qaim , near the syrian border .	[ this killing of a respected cleric will be causing us trouble for years to come . ]	it reminds me too much of the arvn officers who were secretly working for the other side in vietnam .	in suwayrah , kut province , two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated .	( kut is in southeastern iraq and has an overwhelmingly shiite population , who are on the lookout for baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	two hundred members of the batawi clan of the dulaim demonstrated in baghdad on friday , protesting the killing of their clan elder , shaikh kadhim sarhid and 4 of his sons , by gunmen wearing iraqi army uniforms .	( this is a largely sunni arab clan , and some sunni observers have accused shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination ; it is more likely the work of sunni arab guerrillas punishing the batawi leaders for cooperating with the dec. 15 elections . )	the commission said it had no legal grounds for such an exclusion .	now the electoral commission is refusing to punish people for mere past baath party membership .	al - sharq al - awsat reports that a key eyewitness in the trial of saddam hussein for a 1982 massacre at dujail has died .	a team from the court managed to take his deposition before he died .	my neighbourhood has been surrounded by american troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .	mosques are calling for donating blood , food , and medicine for fallujah , and several convoys have already headed out for fallujah , most of them returned later though .	speaking of fallujah , we have only al - jazeera to rely on for our news from there .	he did once make an unforgivable error when he mentioned that fallujan militants were shooting at the marines from the roofs of mosques and houses in hay al - golan , but of course that is okay for al - jazeera .	he added that " america does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation , they were kicked out of somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in mogadishu for the whole world to see " , and that " the day will come when the dead bodies of americans and jews would be dragged , defiled , and stepped on in the arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters " .	this was heavily promoted by the australasian radiation protection society in a press release titled the myths of chernobyl which contained the following :	in the last decade , there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and , to a certain extent , adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former soviet union ( wi940 ) which should be attributed to the chernobyl accident until proven otherwise .	the prestigious iaea ( international atomic energy agency ) published an early report on chernobyl which was based on information from russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	as a parent , i can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning .	being well - informed will give you certainty and that is desirable in a world of conflicting reports .	read some of the following links and draw your own conclusions .	http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/gregorovich/index.html	http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/elg/	http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.htm	http://www.chernobyl.info/en	http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html	i would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing .	remember the old shoe sizing machines that was a form of radiation xray ?	do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......	one of them is the rest and recuperation program , wherein a child can come to the us for a few weeks in the summer .
stipes	the stripes are like hair the less stipes the older .
balding	( think of a balding man lol ) look for clean feathers .
cere	her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard .	sincerely ,	sincerely ,	sincerely ,	sincerely ,	sincerely with warm regards ,	if you want a boy the cere ( the nostrils piece above the beak ) must be blue .	i sincerely wonder if the doctor has a clue about what is going on within his practice .	shojai told the opening ceremony of the month - long fair in tehran 's palestine contemporary art museum .	sincerely ,	sincere appologies to anyone who is offended by my request but my request is genuine .
hahahaahh	they sometimes do nt get along ( you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though , two girls tend to fight a lot .
millet	then i sat on the couch , placed one hand in the cage , holding a millet spray .	3 ) after about day 2 , they will start to eating the millet spray from your hand .
screem	( the first couple of times they will fly all over the cage but as long as you do nt jump back or screem they will get used to you ) they will have no choice but to go on your finger .
harming	when they see that you ar nt harming them , the will go up on your finger when you say up .	i think he left the nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be your prince charming ..	this cottage is a charming homely , friendly , place to stay .
sholder	after a couple of weeks mines knows when i say shoulder it means ot go on my sholder , when i say up it means to jump up on my finger , when i say up and out it means up on my finger and out of the cage .
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	they are awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	real christian of you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	so go and get dancing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	the teaching there sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	all of the teachers there are so mean they get mad at you for nothing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
friendlier	a parakeet is friendlier
:p	i have a parakeet named cookie . :p	great ! :p
crazier	we 're both in our early 20s and just wanting to explore the beautiful country while we 're still young and before our lives start to get even crazier !
shirtsleeves	it may be shirtsleeves and sunglasses in february , but winter woollies in march and even during the summer .
woollies	it may be shirtsleeves and sunglasses in february , but winter woollies in march and even during the summer .
driest	the southeast is the driest , enjoying a more continental climate .
thinnest	crowds are at their thinnest , but many of the country 's tourist attractions and services close down in october and do n't reopen until easter , which paradoxically leaves visitors with a more convincing taste of how ireland is experienced by most of the irish : it 's cold , grey and dark by 5 pm , but there 's always a pub to escape into when the rain starts sheeting down .
paradoxically	crowds are at their thinnest , but many of the country 's tourist attractions and services close down in october and do n't reopen until easter , which paradoxically leaves visitors with a more convincing taste of how ireland is experienced by most of the irish : it 's cold , grey and dark by 5 pm , but there 's always a pub to escape into when the rain starts sheeting down .
sheeting	crowds are at their thinnest , but many of the country 's tourist attractions and services close down in october and do n't reopen until easter , which paradoxically leaves visitors with a more convincing taste of how ireland is experienced by most of the irish : it 's cold , grey and dark by 5 pm , but there 's always a pub to escape into when the rain starts sheeting down .
warms	the thing to do is to bring the right clothing with you , clothes so you can layer up if it is cold and take off layers when it warms up .
waterproof	waterproof clothing and footwear are essential plus an umbrella ..
footwear	waterproof clothing and footwear are essential plus an umbrella ..
scotsman	as that famous scotsman billy connolly says " there is no such thing as bad weather just the wrong clothes "
changeable	afraid i can not be more helpful , it is really a case of pot luck , although as the weather is so changeable often a cold wet morning will turn into a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or visa versa .
moher	you could stay in a city & get a bus tour to say the cliffs of moher or dingle peninsula but you will be with all the other tourists .
dingle	you could stay in a city & get a bus tour to say the cliffs of moher or dingle peninsula but you will be with all the other tourists .
bbq	we used our bbq on precisely 4 occasions .	loved the pool and bbq .	we also had the bbq spare ribs .. good also .	their bbq chicken pizza is one of the better ones i have ever had .
shorten	the days start to shorten & it gets even wetter , windier & colder .
wetter	the days start to shorten & it gets even wetter , windier & colder .
windier	the days start to shorten & it gets even wetter , windier & colder .
frosts	we had frosts in october so i would n't advise visiting late in the year to be honest , spring time is your best bet .
killifish	golden wonder killifish breeding help ?
uncut	i feed them flakes , and live earthworms uncut everyday .	if they are able to take earthworms uncut , that is really impressive !
aspire	i aspire to your feeding regime , flakes early and something live later in the day .
daphnia	worms ( and daphnia ) are also rich in lipids , substances important in forming eggs and growing young .
lipids	worms ( and daphnia ) are also rich in lipids , substances important in forming eggs and growing young .
sexing	if you would like more on sexing out aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below .
aplocheilus	if you would like more on sexing out aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below .
lineatus	if you would like more on sexing out aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below .	your lineatus are already spawning .	there are a couple ways one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating them for two weeks , picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of treated , seasoned water or setting up the parents in a planted tank & moving them so the fry can hatch out there .	aplo. lineatus are wide - spread over southern india .
killies	( i 've even had a pair of killies leave eggs on a floating thermometer !	separating a pair some time before a show ( killies are usually shown & judged & often sold as pairs ) will encourage them to court and show their best colors .
mop	a word about the millions of decent , honest , good people who are either devout moslems or are not very religious but grew up in moslem families : they are double victims of an outside world , which now develops islamophobia , and of their own environment which breaks their heart by being totally dysfunctional .	if you wish to pick eggs make a acrylic spawning mop .	there are a couple ways one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating them for two weeks , picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of treated , seasoned water or setting up the parents in a planted tank & moving them so the fry can hatch out there .	( only recently have a few experienced state department arabists been allowed in to try to begin mopping up the mess . )
rinsed	use a well rinsed medicine vial , a cork , new fishing bobber or even a piece of non-crumbly styrofoam to float them .	with extra blackworms and maybe frozen ( defrosted , rinsed ) frozen foods earlier in the day , they may leave 30 - 40 eggs at a time .	but get the eggs out , maybe rinsed in fresh tap water and then into the incubation water .
bobber	use a well rinsed medicine vial , a cork , new fishing bobber or even a piece of non-crumbly styrofoam to float them .
non-crumbly	use a well rinsed medicine vial , a cork , new fishing bobber or even a piece of non-crumbly styrofoam to float them .
styrofoam	use a well rinsed medicine vial , a cork , new fishing bobber or even a piece of non-crumbly styrofoam to float them .
incubating	there are a couple ways one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating them for two weeks , picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of treated , seasoned water or setting up the parents in a planted tank & moving them so the fry can hatch out there .	after a number of people began complaining about " mystery deaths " among incubating eggs , some of the more advanced killie people began suggesting that after 7 - 8 days of incubation , one should do a 100 % water change - as the eggs develop , they do release waste material .
defrosted	with extra blackworms and maybe frozen ( defrosted , rinsed ) frozen foods earlier in the day , they may leave 30 - 40 eggs at a time .
nourishing	separated and feed extremely nourishing stuff , they may produce more .
dings	having spoken with dennis goldmann , i am advised that there are currently 2 guaranties in place in the sum of $ 8 m each : one by niagara mohawk holdings inc f / b / o enron , and one by enron inc. f / b / o niagara mohawk energy marketing .	pg&e also anticipates that the core procurement incentive mechanism ( cpim ) will be similar to today 's mechanism , but will reflect the somewhat larger capacity holdings needed to meet anticipated increases in core demand and to meet a 1 - day in 10 - year cold weather event .	i guess the questions on which i should like your steer are : ( a ) do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith proceedings made by united india ?	( b ) is it right that enron has 3 sets of bad faith proceedings in texas ?	were you able to discuss the " bad faith " proceedings issue yesterday ?	i passed along to liz austin your request regarding pleadings a&k has filed setting forth the trustee 's position in connection with the enforcement / nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the trustee is seeking .	i have my paralegal gathering the pleadings enron requested .	nina leopold bradley , a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer aldo leopold , published a 1999 paper in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences on her 61 - year uninterrupted phenological records .	" one of the major , most well - documented and robust findings in ecology over the past century has been the crucial role of climate in determining the geographical distribution of species and ecological communities , " concluded a report titled " observed impacts of global climate change in the united states , " released by the pew center on global climate last week .	additionally , reviewing the standings of louisiana and mississippi in the educational stakes , you 'll find they usually land near the bottom of a list of 50 states .	looking out of the window , decoud was met by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town , nor yet the buildings near the harbour ; and there was not a sound , as if the tremendous obscurity of the placid gulf , spreading from the waters over the land , had made it dumb as well as blind . . . .	iran 's military also includes holdings of 1,613 main battle tanks , 21,600 other armored fighting vehicles , 3,200 artillery weapons , 306 combat aircraft , 60 attack helicopters , 3 submarines , 59 surface combatants , and 10 amphibious ships . "	it has never properly declared its holdings of chemical weapons , and the status of its biological weapons programs is unknown . "	changing its surroundings too often will stress it out and it will get depressed , mean , sick , or will not want to be around you .	once he is more comfy with his surroundings , then you can start handling him and getting to know each other more .	they also start the day with no nicks or dings in their fins .	however , they would never drive the car with me in it to prove their findings .	they all need love and attn , food , proper surroundings etc .	the september 11 panel will issue its findings on thursday .	the findings demonstrate the inhibitory network is central to controlling not only the amplitude , extent and duration of activation of recurrent excitatory cortical networks , but also the precise timing of action potentials , and , thus , network synchronization ... "
incubation	you also may need to treat the incubation water .	but get the eggs out , maybe rinsed in fresh tap water and then into the incubation water .	after a number of people began complaining about " mystery deaths " among incubating eggs , some of the more advanced killie people began suggesting that after 7 - 8 days of incubation , one should do a 100 % water change - as the eggs develop , they do release waste material .
chlorine	the chlorine and ammonia ( choramine ) are not good for the eggs .
choramine	the chlorine and ammonia ( choramine ) are not good for the eggs .
chlorination	ironically sometimes it is wise to leave the newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .	ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .
sate	i understand how competitive the process has become , but i felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , personality , extracurricular activities , etc. that this would compensate for my disability .	i understand that it is a competitive process , but i felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extracurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate for my disability .	i understand that it is a competitive process , but i felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	<< he could do little during the day , for murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite lucas , or lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness .	paul mccartney said recently that he believes in using magic , and he does lots of charity , thinking that in this way he will compensate for the curse of god that is upon him and that took his wife 's life because of his satanism and involvement in black magic .	if the trouble goes away with the modem off , then make sure that everything except the modem is filtered , this would include the alarm system , fax machine , satellite boxes , phones , etc ...	leaving a jar with a dozen black worms in it will sate the adult 's desire for snacks and they are more likely to leave fry or eggs alone .	i had to call back up there two hours later and the lady ( who claimed to be a manager ) said my food was on the way , and she did nt offer to compensate me in any kind of way .	they have acquired urchin , zipdash , applied semantics , picasa , blogger , and satellite imaging company keyhole , so why not firefox ?	you got ta get an iphone for 3g ... only way ... actually there is a thing that you pay for monthly that gets wifi from satellite and you can connect to it anywhere but you have to cary it with you	houston wo n't be too affected b/c most of the layoffs affect satelite offices .	believe it or not , but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do n't know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv .
killie	( i 've even had a pair of killies leave eggs on a floating thermometer !	separating a pair some time before a show ( killies are usually shown & judged & often sold as pairs ) will encourage them to court and show their best colors .	1 . is a tank mate ( such as another female killie or a cory or large snails ) rating the eggs ?	after a number of people began complaining about " mystery deaths " among incubating eggs , some of the more advanced killie people began suggesting that after 7 - 8 days of incubation , one should do a 100 % water change - as the eggs develop , they do release waste material .
aplo.	aplo. lineatus are wide - spread over southern india .
chemistries	that indicates that they thrive in different water chemistries .
tds	still if you can get your pet shop to do a hardness or tds ( total dissolved solids ) test , that may give you a hint .	tds meters ( the thrifty aquarist 's hardness meter can be used if one has seen one of your municipal water department 's annual reports .
winging	winging it a little here , a hardness of 100 to nearly 200 ppm ( parts per million ) or 5.8 to 10.6 dh should be fine for gardneri .
ppm	winging it a little here , a hardness of 100 to nearly 200 ppm ( parts per million ) or 5.8 to 10.6 dh should be fine for gardneri .
5.8	$ 5.87 - amount allocated per person in new york city .	winging it a little here , a hardness of 100 to nearly 200 ppm ( parts per million ) or 5.8 to 10.6 dh should be fine for gardneri .
10.6	winging it a little here , a hardness of 100 to nearly 200 ppm ( parts per million ) or 5.8 to 10.6 dh should be fine for gardneri .
gardneri	winging it a little here , a hardness of 100 to nearly 200 ppm ( parts per million ) or 5.8 to 10.6 dh should be fine for gardneri .
thrifty	tds meters ( the thrifty aquarist 's hardness meter can be used if one has seen one of your municipal water department 's annual reports .
aquarist	tds meters ( the thrifty aquarist 's hardness meter can be used if one has seen one of your municipal water department 's annual reports .
chorion	however if there is a high level of sodium chloride ( common salt ) that can break down the chorion ( shell ) around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and embryo . )
yoke	however if there is a high level of sodium chloride ( common salt ) that can break down the chorion ( shell ) around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and embryo . )	my new address will be : mary hain senior regulatory counsel iso new england inc.one sullivan road holyoke , ma 01040-2841 ( 413 ) 535-4000 mhain@iso-ne.com
suffocate	in time the eggs can suffocate in the shipping container .
acriflaven	some people put in a very dilute acriflaven solution to slow down the fungus , so one can take white eggs out with a pipette or eyedropper .
pipette	some people put in a very dilute acriflaven solution to slow down the fungus , so one can take white eggs out with a pipette or eyedropper .
eyedropper	some people put in a very dilute acriflaven solution to slow down the fungus , so one can take white eggs out with a pipette or eyedropper .
methylene	other will add a drop of methylene blue .
grist	hope there is useful grist for the mill here .
yr	al - zaman : american forces killed shaikh abdullah al - ani , the preacher at the mosque in the town of qaim , near the syrian border .	in suwayrah , kut province , two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated .	in the last decade , there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and , to a certain extent , adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former soviet union ( wi940 ) which should be attributed to the chernobyl accident until proven otherwise .	the dramatic increase in radiation - induced thyroid cancers in children and adolescents in belarus , russia , and ukraine , which have been observed since 1991 , continues to this day .	it is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the shebaa farms , a sliver of syrian territory that israel annexed after the 1967 war .	byron york is a white house correspondent for national review .	( '' we have three generations of martyrs : grandmothers , mothers , daughters . '' )	also , i 'm quite clear on the fact that those in power now ( and , in general , most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure ) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the masses .	assad the father did not kill tens of thousands of his own citizens in one week in el hamma in syria because of israel .	like in the case of organized crime , it is crucial that the forces on the offensive be united and it is crucial to reach the top of the crime pyramid .	little children are raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so - called martyrs , and the western world does not notice it because its own tv sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows .	she is called " martyr " by several arab leaders and " activist " by the european press .	the inner circles are primarily financed by terrorist states like iran and syria , until recently also by iraq and libya and earlier also by some of the communist regimes .	now that afghanistan , iraq and libya are out , two and a half terrorist states remain : iran , syria and lebanon , the latter being a syrian colony .	as a result of the conquest of afghanistan and iraq , both iran and syria are now totally surrounded by territories unfriendly to them .	syria is surrounded by turkey , iraq , jordan and israel .	i do not know if the american plan was actually to encircle both iran and syria , but that is the resulting situation .	iran sponsors syrian terrorism , it is certainly behind much of the action in iraq , it is fully funding the hezbollah and , through it , the palestinian hamas and islamic jihad ; it performed acts of terror at least in europe and in south america and probably also in uzbekistan and saudi arabia and it truly leads a multi-national terror consortium , which includes , as minor players , syria , lebanon and certain shiite elements in iraq .	it was widely published among the militant islamists that martyrs go to paradise " in the hearts of green birds . "	osama bin laden later invoked the symbolism in his video " the 19 martyrs . "	in a hadith the messenger of allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the paradise .	i think it 's a good idea since the provisional application is on file - travis is the internal lawyer who has taken care of the patent application so he will have better ideas for where the words should be placed and appropriate look and feel ( i would guess near the copyright notice and roughly equivalent size ) .	i could n't say no ... so nicki ( the little girl - 10 yrs. old ) and i waited for the bus .	instead they followed the skyrocketing price of natural gas - which is used to run power plants to generate electricity .	throughout history , tyrants have known that by denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families , they can kill the spirit of those peoples .	copyright 2005 houston chronicle	although there are no human vocals / lyrics , i think it's subject matter is audible .	came the disintegration of the beatles ' minds with lsd which has caused , among others , schizophrenic lyrics such as " i am the walrus " and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like " revolution number 9 " .	antichrist john lennon followed the devil 's strategy writing lyrics such as " god is a concept by which we measure our pain ... i do n't believe in jesus , etc. , etc. , " ( god ) and " and no religions too ... " ( imagine ) .	antichrist john lennon wanted to compete with jesus christ , and so he grew a beard and started to make a bogus role of christ together with yoko ono at the amsterdam hilton hotel proclaiming " peace " , being then when he was visited by the canadian journalist who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what lennon meant when he wrote in the lyrics of " the ballad of john and yoko " : " the way things are going , they 're going to crucify me ... " , the curse of god upon john lennon carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made lennon give the interview to the " rolling stone " magazine ( today condensed in the " lennon remembers " book ) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming " whatever is up there " for it ( referring to god ) .	because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with brian epstein had left him , he made lyrics such as : " you can wear a collar and a tie , one thing you ca n't hide is when you 're crippled inside " and gave declarations to the " rolling stone " magazine saying that " sometimes he wore texan boots to feel more secure as a man " .	3 . the syrian connection
holidaying	many families are set to plan a best holidaying .	do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons will impress only young ones ?
rejuvenating	they look for fun filled , rejuvenating and memorable vacation .
thematically	the ship is designed thematically , with imposing animated cartoon characters .
comforts	both are made keeping in mind the comforts of the travelers .
marvelously	these are decorated uniquely and marvelously .
eatables	the ship offers variety of eatables , deliciously made .
deliciously	the ship offers variety of eatables , deliciously made .
prawns	sea fishes , prawns and many nice options are there in different restaurants aboard .
imposingly	there are special regions uniquely and imposingly designed for the children .
amnesties	there are other amnesties also .
spaciously	these include space for dances and music , bar facility , gambling facilities for the elder , spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilities .
seclusion	also one can keep their privacy in the cabins and make the time in seclusion .
rejuvenate	to relax and to rejuvenate disney cruise are the best option .
........	how would you like to know how you can live in a beautiful new house that is custom - designed to your specifications ......... and at no cost to you ?	hmmmmmm ....................	let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ..........	for those who believe ....................	full name of the father is : " nguyen thanh luan " ===> full name of the son / daughter certainly is " nguyen .......... " , for instance , " nguyen thi thuy lan " .	let s be clear about this ...........	whatever you do ............... do not try to come here with out legal permission .	you can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking ........	mixed tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad .	maybe the cat needs a " new ' home .........	moral of the story : do n't drink coke .......... drink pepsi !
whiteboard	bring some sort of magnet or small magnetic whiteboard for your door .
walkie	cell phones do not work on board but they give you a ' walkie - talkie ' kind of phone in your room that will work onboard .
talkie	cell phones do not work on board but they give you a ' walkie - talkie ' kind of phone in your room that will work onboard .
preschoolers	off season cruises might actually be better with preschoolers as prices might be lower in the off season .
wading	there is a splash fountain ( no standing water ) for little ones still in diapers ; next is a wading pool for those who are potty trained ; then a family pool ; finally there is a pool for adults only with kids not allowed .
payoff	the real payoff is that you will have the same waiter for the entire cruise .
lemonade	our waiter quickly grasped the fact that i like ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife 's taste ran to lemonade and less spicy fare .
farrier	this is about my farrier , girls .	he is my farrier ( shoes my horse s feet ) so i am technically a client if you want to view it that way .	anyway , so he ended up leaving one nail out of my horse s foot ( i 've never heard of a farrier doing this ) and telling me to call him in a few days ( first it was a week , then it was a few days lol ) and he 'd come back out and put it in .	ok , well as far as him being a bad farrier for leaving a nail out - that is not the case , they are extremely well known farriers in the area .	however , he left my horse without a shoe for two weeks ( now that 's what i call a crap farrier ) .	it 's always just " okay , they're feet need to be done , better call the farrier . "	when i was younger in my early 20s my farrier was a hottie named joby .. ( for those who do n't know i am a girl read my bio on my page ) dumb as a post about everything but horses ..	wow he does sound interested in you , my farrier never gives me hugs like that ( probably a good thing as he has a wife and 2 kids ) anyway , i find that they can be very busy so i would wait a week lo9nger and if still no reply give him a call but do n't leave a message so you do n't have to necessarily wait for him to call .
flirty	well , almost two weeks ago he came out and did my horse s feet and was so flirty .
crappy	we were also just talking about my horse 's crappy feet and he mentioned .	this place is the opposite of quiktrip : crappy in every way .	i prefer advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people .	but i had my cat spayed through their reduced / free spay and neuter program and the vet they sent us to was first of all a hour and a half away , and 4 days later we had to bring them to our normal vet because the vets at the place in wisconsin did a crappy job and they got infections .	your average crappy chain .
farriers	ok , well as far as him being a bad farrier for leaving a nail out - that is not the case , they are extremely well known farriers in the area .
lousy	i would be a lot more concerned if the shoe fell off because it was missing one lousy nail .
apprenticed	the only reason i switched away from them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was starting out on his own .
groped	ok , calm down , it 's not like he 's some stranger that came up and groped me lol .
they're	it 's always just " okay , they're feet need to be done , better call the farrier . "
belive	i really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horse s hoof condition and it s a added bonus he would get to see her again
becuse	i really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horse s hoof condition and it s a added bonus he would get to see her again	but like i said nothing ever came of it .. the next time i saw him he had told me he had to get married to a girl who he worked with becuse he knocked her up ..	ok but just becuse we where on a tight budget .
hoof	i really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horse s hoof condition and it s a added bonus he would get to see her again
hottie	when i was younger in my early 20s my farrier was a hottie named joby .. ( for those who do n't know i am a girl read my bio on my page ) dumb as a post about everything but horses ..
joby	when i was younger in my early 20s my farrier was a hottie named joby .. ( for those who do n't know i am a girl read my bio on my page ) dumb as a post about everything but horses ..
30s	he was in his 30s divorced and had 2 kids .. but we both flirted horribly with each other .. but neither one of us took the chance and asked to other on a date . :(
flirted	he was in his 30s divorced and had 2 kids .. but we both flirted horribly with each other .. but neither one of us took the chance and asked to other on a date . :(
ummmm	well one day he said to me you know i do n't wear underwear as he was bent over working on my mare s right front hoof .. and i was like ummmm okay ???	i was like ummmm i can see your ass cheeks ... he was like oops did i forget my underwear ???
wholes	i now understand that someone at ena / enron mexico / enron wholesale has signed an epc contract with abb for this project .	well 6 weeks later when he came back out he was again working on my mare s front foot and i looked down and yeah he had wholes in his pants in the wrong places i bust out laughing and he was like what ???	sara shackleton enron wholesale services 1400 smith street , eb 3801a houston , tx 77002 ph : ( 713 ) 853-5620 fax : ( 713 ) 646-3490	handcrafted furry animals wholesale , call for a catalog now !	we are looking to expand our wholesale clients across the nation .	we have a full color catalog and wholesale price list ready to mail to you today !
guss	that was a strange way to flirt .. but i guss it was his way ...
heartbroken	i was heartbroken .. but then realized he was not the guy for me ..
lo9nger	wow he does sound interested in you , my farrier never gives me hugs like that ( probably a good thing as he has a wife and 2 kids ) anyway , i find that they can be very busy so i would wait a week lo9nger and if still no reply give him a call but do n't leave a message so you do n't have to necessarily wait for him to call .
bloke	cute or not , i 'd call a different bloke because he 's doing a sub-par job at something he needs to be doing his best at , whether he 's flirting or trying to ask you out or not , he ought to put quality first .
sub-par	cute or not , i 'd call a different bloke because he 's doing a sub-par job at something he needs to be doing his best at , whether he 's flirting or trying to ask you out or not , he ought to put quality first .
shoddy	this is , after all , his business , and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he doing shoddy work ?
epm	epm , anyone dealt with it ?	no , i have not done an epm test but have done an extensive blood panel and my vet did a neurological physical exam .	we elected to not do the epm test because there was no neurological signs .	i will be getting with my vet first and if i do get him , have the spinal fluid test done for epm and a titer test .	i am willing to pull the epm test and treat .	at the same time i do know people who have had horses come back successfully after epm .	i will have the epm test done before treating .	the chiro / acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with epm .	it 's actually one of the alternative therapies for epm	as to epm like shee said being in mi we 've had to deal with it .	our first diagnosed epm horse was back when there was no treatment in the us and only an experimental chicken feed additive in canada .	i have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers , but we have n't had an epm horse in at least 10 years .	i can say all of our epm horses were treated early when they were showing mild signs like shee gave and all returned to racing .	one horse even got his lifetime mark after being treated for epm .	the only difference we noticed is that the epm horses seemed to do worse on the smaller tracks after .	msu does a lot of epm studies because of how common it is here .	you may want to see if you can get in touch with their epm group and get this guy in a study .	i know they did lab work showing that strongid c used daily could help prevent epm .	west nile can cause epm like symptoms and does n't always include a fever .	attached are clean and blacklined drafts of the enron guaranties to be made in support of epmi 's obligations under the indian mesa ii renewable energy purchase agreement ( " ppa " ) and green premium sharing agreement ( " gspa " ) .?	we plan to use the same basic form for the enron guaranty that will be made in favor of epmi with respect to the seller 's obligations under the ppa .
chalked	i chalked it up to possible nerve damage , because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems .
theeth	i chalked it up to possible nerve damage , because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems .
gant	it came from liverpool , that was the port base to the titanic , destroyed by god because of the arrogant insult of captain smith ( also from liverpool ) : " not even god can sink my ship " ( not only the captain , but also the rest of the crew and even the orchestra playing at the titanic were from liverpool ) .	after george harrison , said arrogantly in a video filmed in his studio at henley on thames : " i want to talk about the divinity of man " , he was given throat cancer by god because of those words , which made metastasis and carried on to final death ..	the jewish marriage living to the right of george 's house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a greeting .	the centre of the falls is known locally as ' garganta del diablo ' ( the devil 's throat ) , where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air .	he is gant looking in his flank area and is losing topline muscle .	# 2 the decor is tasteful and artistic , from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures .... and ( most importantly ) # 3 the food is fantastic .	after recently relocating to south bend , we were looking for a delicious , fun , yet elegant establishment for new year s eve dinner .	lunar landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be lofted by gargantuan launchers as big as the apollo - era saturn 5 , the most powerful rockets ever flown .	overpriced and the doctor acted arrogant and rushed at a time when there was very few clients in the facility .
topline	he is gant looking in his flank area and is losing topline muscle .
drags	the only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his right lead .
atrophied	the horse i had posted about a couple weeks ago with the atrophied cheek muscles is down to his last resort for life .
atrophy	he is still showing no signs other than the weight loss , and some muscle atrophy .	he 's only exhibited weight loss and some muscle atrophy , with the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead ( which could or could n't be related ) .	could he have had a blow to the head causing this atrophy ?
titer	i will be getting with my vet first and if i do get him , have the spinal fluid test done for epm and a titer test .
wobblers	my other theory would be wobblers .	i will also be having my other vet up who 's a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers .	the chiro / acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with epm .
chiro	i 'll be having my equine chiro / acupuncturist out to do some work as well if i do get him ....	i will be calling my vet and chiro about him .	i will also be having my other vet up who 's a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers .	the chiro / acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with epm .	you should have you chiro out before you decide if you want this horse or not .	i have been suffering from back pain for over 12 years and have been to numerous specialists , physios , osteos and chiros with no help .	with these fusions , chiropractric is n't as successful , but it still is very helpful .
acupuncturist	i 'll be having my equine chiro / acupuncturist out to do some work as well if i do get him ....	i will also be having my other vet up who 's a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers .	the chiro / acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with epm .
arby	arby ,
ornament	worse comes to worse , i 'm out of the $ $ and have to put him down anyway or have a pretty pasture ornament .
rideable	he 's still rideable currently and not having many issues under saddle .
regimen	he can eat grain and i already have a feed regimen in my head for the guy since he ca n't eat regular hay .
gallop	gallop , i 've already read that whole site and been reading through research articles from the research colleges as well .
acupuncture	if that is the case then acupuncture is n't going to hurt him .	andrew was helpful and knowledgeable about acupuncture re : infertility .	i worked with andrew for 2 months and did acupuncture and herbs .
therapies	it 's actually one of the alternative therapies for epm
y!a	i do think some y!a users need to work on their reading comprehension as i ca n't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse .
heartbreaking	it is heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and then have to put it down , but some horses are worth the risk .
shee	complexities surrounding the operation of the off balance sheet facility ( " obsf " ) which commenced two weeks before the year end .	as to epm like shee said being in mi we 've had to deal with it .	i can say all of our epm horses were treated early when they were showing mild signs like shee gave and all returned to racing .	jeffrey synder , ryan hinze , sheetal patel , johnathan anderson	in addition , there is a reduction of 22,101 mmbtu which is the difference between the scada values ( best available ) that anita showed on the february 29th storage sheet and the " official " february 29th values that gary wilson received from mips .	sheer contrast to getting it done at karol bagh which is done under the wooden plank
wintering	we 've had a few since then , but none since our race horses began wintering in florida .
opossums	i have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers , but we have n't had an epm horse in at least 10 years .
trotters	we 've always liked big long trotters that do better on mile tracks then 1 / 2 mile .	it might just be coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter turns .
gangly	it might just be coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter turns .
msu	sounds as though eric has done very well as smsu .	msu does a lot of epm studies because of how common it is here .
strongid	i know they did lab work showing that strongid c used daily could help prevent epm .
repoire	if you have a good repoire ( which i 'm sure you do ) with them , they should be honest on if this horse is fixable to any degree ... not really sure what you want to do with him ...
fixable	if you have a good repoire ( which i 'm sure you do ) with them , they should be honest on if this horse is fixable to any degree ... not really sure what you want to do with him ...
poneh	even if you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh , there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future .
remission	even if you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh , there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future .
relapse	even if you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh , there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future .
insensitive	rude , insensitive , discourteous people !!!!!
discourteous	rude , insensitive , discourteous people !!!!!
!!!!!	congratulations !!!!!!!	congratulations !!!!!!	ur answers and reviews wud be highly appreciated ....... thanks !!!!!!!	best place ever !!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	ten points !!!!!!!!!!?	please !!!!!!	the person who best explains this , and helps me out the best with my question will be rewarded with ten points !!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!	thank you !!!!!!!!!!!!! :d	any answers help !!!!!!	oh and please say y one is better thx !!!!!!	they are awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	rude , insensitive , discourteous people !!!!!	excellent , top guys a +++++ reccommend to anyone !!!!!!!!!!	my family and i thank you !!!!!!!!!!	i hated sushi before but now i ca nt stop eatting it !!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	juno and open i love you guys !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	they do n't care one bit about you !!!!!	you will not be disappointed !!!!!!	the next time you feel like being condescending to someone , it is not going to be me !!!!!!	real christian of you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	went to the school here over priced !!!!!!	but everyone has there own way !!!!!!	there are to many people that need our business to have to put up with this unfair treatment !!!!!	can i have some indoor pet ideas please !!!!!!!!!!!!!?	best place to sleep !!!!!!!	so go and get dancing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	go to the looking glass for all your smoking needs !!!!!!!!!!	per the memo , ena 's storage account will be reduced by 420,588 mmbtu !!!!!!	lol ... kolkata is not for sale !!!!!!
greenwalt	dr greenwalt fixed my neck from a snowboard injury and was way more effective that a regular doctor .
snowboard	dr greenwalt fixed my neck from a snowboard injury and was way more effective that a regular doctor .	best place for snowboard eva .
meds	he did nt prescribe pain meds or other drugs , he used his bodytalk method which is unusual but the results are undeniable .
bodytalk	he did nt prescribe pain meds or other drugs , he used his bodytalk method which is unusual but the results are undeniable .
undeniable	he did nt prescribe pain meds or other drugs , he used his bodytalk method which is unusual but the results are undeniable .
!.	<< 1%p701!.doc >>	my neck is fixed !.	this was nothing like new york style pizza !!!.	not only did they answer the phone at 4:50 on a thursday , they hit the ground moving !.	- 47k202!.doc	the following have made a team for the game show on august 17th !.
11/7/08	our wedding 11/7/08	we just had our wedding on 11/7/08 and was very impressed .
cj	cj and company did all that we ask and 10 times more .
saucey	thanks again saucey 's .
lynda	lynda is professional and has great compassion for animals .	i 'm very happy with the piano lessons mrs. lynda mcmanus taught me .
professionalism	i would rate fran pcs an a + because the price was lower than everyone else , i got my computer back the next day , and the professionalism he showed was great .	nigel from nidd design has always provided a first class service , from his advice and professionalism to the quality of his design drawings and planning applications .	used their service for the first time and was immediately impressed by their professionalism ( received a phone call soon after order was placed to confirm details ) and the subsequent delivery of my gift ( to split , croatia ) was as requested .	i completely enjoyed my whole check in experience and was impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the staff as well as the accommodations themselves .	after that , i just tried to ignore his lack of professionalism and test drive the car .	i would never recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this is based solely on the owner 's own unprofessionalism .	mrs. tolchin provided us with excellent service and came with a great deal of knowledge and professionalism !	we at r&l plumbing services are pleased with your professionalism and the extra mile you went to get out computers working correctly , you will be our first call if anything happens again and we will refer you to other people with computer issues .
unturned	as a qualified criminal defense attorney , he will work every possible legal " angle " ( leaving no stone unturned ) of your case to achieve the most favorable result possible .
kobey	we went to kobey s on saturday and had our whole team s uniforms done !
lftd	we attend lftd and our children love it !!
srd	i rang srd pat testing and within 3 hours scot had come to my premises and pat tested all my our spill the whisky barn dance band equipment , and supplied a certificate for only 70 p per unit .
scot	peter dale scott includes an account of how terrell 's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book cocaine politics .	scott miller has been a godsend -- somebody not afraid to tell it like it is .	9 . scott mcneally , ceo , sun microsystems	scott	our project manager ( scott laidlaw ) and engineer ( harry okabayashi ) want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering services on this project to support the ena work .	i 'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the u.t. games , i just have to find out when he wants to go ( as well as properly prepare him for the scott / kelley / parks / wild card gang and the full - day affair that is a u.t. game ) .	jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include : austria , belgium , canada , croatia , czech republic , denmark , france , gibraltar , ireland , italy , poland , portugal , romania , scotland , singapore , slovenia , spain , and the netherlands .	susan scott	susan scott would like authorization to order an aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .	susan scott would like authorization to order an aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .	as an outgrowth of the meeting leslie and i had with scott and hunter a couple of weeks ago , we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of ferc gas activities , and possibly electric activities , in a format that can be linked to the fundamentals intranet site used by the traders .	simone scott walker	" scott a. kushnick " < skush@swbell.net >	scott	andreas bechtolsheim built a microcomputer ; vinod khosla recruited him and scott mcnealy to manufacture computers based on it , and bill joy to develop a unix - based os for the computer .	however , if you 're allowed another option and you want a small - town feel , then head to edinburgh , scotland .	as that famous scotsman billy connolly says " there is no such thing as bad weather just the wrong clothes "	i rang srd pat testing and within 3 hours scot had come to my premises and pat tested all my our spill the whisky barn dance band equipment , and supplied a certificate for only 70 p per unit .	we trust and appreciate scott larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs !	i du n no how they did it , but scottish friends --- this is the real deal .	i congratulated this establishment for doing the research on making nyc pizza because these scots fcking nailed it .	scott neal	scott neal and tom martin would like to attend as well .	scott neal	fantastic nova scotia cottage
florist	my favorite florist !	i will gladly recommend you to anyone in need of or looking for a good florist .
crosse	crossed together ( five toes is incompletely dominate ) chicks could develop to have an fifth toe on both , or even one foot .	i came to la crosse to go to college , and my mom would send me birthday flowers though here .
coworkers	now that i live here , this is my favorite place to grab flowers for friends and coworkers !
<3	i <3 max 's
bagels	excellent bagels and excellent service !	i go in about every morning to get bagels for myself or my co-workers and the employees at max 's are great !!	awesome bagels
faris	dr. faris is a great doctor !
crim	you who like the tough talk of tough on crime ?	35 - number of countries to which the united states suspended military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving americans immunity from prosecution before the international criminal court .	criminal attorney dallas	dallas criminal attorney peter barrett is absolutely committed to vigorously supporting your rights and achieving a successful outcome .	i went from a pain scale of 8 - 9 to 0 and i was able to run in the crim just a week later !!
squeege	mr. squeege is the best .
edmark	we have never had a bad experience buying from edmark .
tints	range rover sport window tints
tintman	mark at tintman nationwide tints ltd , did a very professional job very quick , no fuss , deliverd the car to me and i drove him back home , great arrangement great price !!
deliverd	mark at tintman nationwide tints ltd , did a very professional job very quick , no fuss , deliverd the car to me and i drove him back home , great arrangement great price !!
helpers	in this hard economic times is very important to save money very reasonable prices top quality work the owner operator he does all the the work with helpers very friendly i definitely recommend this this guys do n't get jack by big companies that they pay a lot of money to be on top of the list thanks
excellant	had a meal in this pub and i have to say it was excellant .
nicest	it has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time , the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .	they are and always will be the nicest people in sicily that you will meet .	the rooms are so clean , the managers / owners are the nicest people , the place feels so homey , and the location and grounds are beautiful .	some of the nicest people and very good work standards
decking	it has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time , the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .
verizon	this store is by far the worst verizon store i 've been in .	is there no other verizon to go to around downtown / dupont circle 1?!?!?
salespeople	the salespeople are never available , the lines are always too long , and all the people want is a sale .
1?!?!?	is there no other verizon to go to around downtown / dupont circle 1?!?!?
unbeatable	they have unbeatable price in town and deliver on time .	also , he loves teaching so much , his price is unbeatable , but that does not change his level of skill .
wallen	dr. wallen and staff was excellent .	dr. wallen explained the procedure in detail and took his time with me .
accomdating	they were accomdating with my scheduled and work with my insurance to get payment for the surgery .
******	******************************************************************	******************************************************************	********** note **********	***********************************	cathy ****** five stars for lake forest tots .	******************************** notice *************************************	************************************************	************************************************	******************* internet email confidentiality footer *******************
tots	cathy ****** five stars for lake forest tots .	i have had all three of my children attend lake forest tots .	good job , lake forest tots !
postive	the program has been a postive experience for my children .
knowledgeable	traveler s guide - for the young and unknowledgeable ?	the employees make you feel very comfortable and are very helpful , whether you are very knowledgeable or do n't know anything at all about wine .	you are knowledgeable , professional , gentel and kind .	they are professional , knowledgeable , and take meticulous care and pride in accomplishing their work .	the sales men were very knowledgeable about every aspect of every car we looked at .	the server we had was knowledgeable but he was not as proper as he should have been , acting like he was talking to his friends rather than his customers .	andrew was helpful and knowledgeable about acupuncture re : infertility .	friendly , knowledgeable , and above all fair .	he has become our department expert on the psa account ( much more knowledgeable than myself ) and the various plan provision amendments .	he is very knowledgeable and took the time to explain the repairs to me .	also , they have great customer service and a very knowledgeable staff	very knowledgeable and friendly design build firm .	the team who work there are helpfull , friendly and extremely knowledgeable and will help you as much as they can with thier years of hands on practice .
tastings	check out their wine tastings every friday night !	try their weekend " tastings " which you can learn about by getting on their weekly email list .
quiktrip	this place is the opposite of quiktrip : crappy in every way .
recieve	let me put it this way - if you have watched tv recently , crossed a modern bridge , flown in an airplane , recieved any form of modern medicine , did any mathematics , drove a car , used a cellular phone , etc. then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which nasa has returned to us .	seince he recieved the fluids last night he said not to worry about drinking water for at least a couple of days .	where else can you go for $ 10 and recieve this treatment ?!	i enjoy going there although i 've only been there once , i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here .	the flowers were all that i hoped they would be , i have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers i recieved from ana outshone them all .	we were expecting a great experience , when we recieved a friendly greeting by the hosts .
haircut	investors are asking what edison intends for qfs and generators -- asking about haircuts in particular -- and edison is side - stepping the questions .	awesome haircut at awesome price right here in palatine !	i have gone there time and time again whenever i need to get my hair done or when i want a haircut .	firstly , the other reviewer clearly has never been to nick 's , or he would know that nick only charges $ 13 for a haircut which is pretty much industry standard .	i got highlights , haircut , and a blowdry .	i would highly recommend it and will be going back for my next haircut .	the haircut was inexpensive and so were the salon services ( eyebrows were cheap ! ) .
salons	i 've had 2 cuts now from georgia and have paid more in other salons / barbershops and have not received this kind of treatment or cut !
barbershops	i 've had 2 cuts now from georgia and have paid more in other salons / barbershops and have not received this kind of treatment or cut !
ambiance	this place is awesome , with a great ambiance and cool decor , and the food is scrumptious ( and especially their signature banana split ) .
scrumptious	this place is awesome , with a great ambiance and cool decor , and the food is scrumptious ( and especially their signature banana split ) .
c'm	sure , some items are a little pricey , but c'm on ... have you ever been out to eat in seattle before ?
adorn	i 've only had good experiences at adorn , i was greeted and offered a refreshment .
refreshment	i 've only had good experiences at adorn , i was greeted and offered a refreshment .
debi	i highly recommend debi , she does an amazing job , i " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .
chineese	best chineese food in the area
wok	merrist wood in woking in surrey .	the food here is fresh and hot out of the wok .
pilates	pure pilates !!	it is the real thing - i have been practicing pilates for over 7 years and would not go anywhere else .	it is the attention to detail and the quality of the work taught at tomipilates that sets this studio apart from the others .
tomipilates	it is the attention to detail and the quality of the work taught at tomipilates that sets this studio apart from the others .
refurb	i phoned this company for advice on our office refurb and although we did not use them in the end ( as our building contractor carried out the electrical work ) , they provided me with plenty of useful information over an hour phone call and subsequently we are now using pjc as our electrical maintenance contractor .
pjc	i phoned this company for advice on our office refurb and although we did not use them in the end ( as our building contractor carried out the electrical work ) , they provided me with plenty of useful information over an hour phone call and subsequently we are now using pjc as our electrical maintenance contractor .
personalized	additionally , when there was confusion ( my fault ) , they left me flowers along with a personalized gift .	i offer compassionate , approachable and personalized counseling services .
haves	i would have had to because with the economy the way it is i ai nt haves much monies fo repairs round the house ....
sstaff	slowest , unfriendly sstaff on weekends
staffs	i also understand that weekend staffs are different than daytime staffs and not necessarily starbucks a - team or even full - time .
hellada	i love hellada gallery !
dzida	marek dzida the owner and photographer puts whole heart in his business - if you are into old fashion ( not digital ) quality photography this is best place in long beach as i think not many folks can do affordable traditional photos anymore i know marek personaly and i will always recommend him
personaly	marek dzida the owner and photographer puts whole heart in his business - if you are into old fashion ( not digital ) quality photography this is best place in long beach as i think not many folks can do affordable traditional photos anymore i know marek personaly and i will always recommend him
????	( not church morality , no that is phoney , love thy neighbor ... hell no , kill thy neighbor - now that is real morality ????? )	who cares ??????	monday's starting next week at 4 ???????????????	is it a gud option for casual / formal functions photography ?????	westfield and rt 1 do it well , why ca nt u ????	what is that ?????	it s prettty much the same $$$ , please advice !?????!!!!	boy trouble ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
ikea	the brick , ikea , and leon 's have their place .
qwest	that 's 3 x worse than qwest dsl 's lowest speed offering !
http://www.speedtest.net/result/1155244347.png	http://www.speedtest.net/result/1155244347.png
tmobile	they save me from having to deal with tmobile ...	tmobile want to send of my phone and i did n't want to go thru that ...
yam	'' every morning and night , the kids , beginning as young as 1 and 2 , had to stand before a poster of massoud and maryam , salute them and shout praises to them , '' nadereh afshari , a former mujahedeen deep - believer , told me .	which may explain the pattern to their stories : a journey to self - empowerment and the enlightenment of self - sacrifice inspired by the light and wisdom of maryam and massoud .	email : yamwhatiyam < pop...@spinach.eat >	( other items : chicken fingers , wings , asian pizza , and yam and regular fries )
nivine	hair by nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had my hair cut and colored at another salon i felt more confident and the girls are fantastic and i ve been going there now for 2 years always happy and they care about my hair had my hair done for my wedding it looked fabolous !
eastgardens	hair by nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had my hair cut and colored at another salon i felt more confident and the girls are fantastic and i ve been going there now for 2 years always happy and they care about my hair had my hair done for my wedding it looked fabolous !
fabolous	hair by nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had my hair cut and colored at another salon i felt more confident and the girls are fantastic and i ve been going there now for 2 years always happy and they care about my hair had my hair done for my wedding it looked fabolous !
mcclelland	there s a reason why frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigon .
reigon	there s a reason why frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigon .
delicous	everything is delicous and cooked perfectly .
impeccable	the waiting staff is beyond impeccable ( they refold your napkin when you go to the bathroom ) .	great service , cool vibe , impeccable style .	the service is impeccable , and the food is even better .
refold	the waiting staff is beyond impeccable ( they refold your napkin when you go to the bathroom ) .
l'espalier	if you want great food then l'espalier is the place to go .
-s	my neighbourhood has been surrounded by american troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .	wilson had been able to show that he 'd had more than 80 " non-social contacts " with the cia since his retirement in 1971 , leaving the prosecution 's case in turmoil .	i spoke to mark taylor about your signing authority , and he agrees that you do not have the authority to execute documents on your own , but as long as you are only co-signing documents signed by an authorized officer as a control measure we 're ok .	it is a psycho-spiritual exercise and benefiting the mind by developing stamina and strength .	my father re-secured the petroleum assets of kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty - one billion u.s. dollars ( $ 61,000,000,000 ) .	the important point is to develop some psycho-spiritual connection between your mind and the universal consciousness or supreme consciousness .	a measure to amend the nc constitution to ban gay marriage was defeated last year but already has been reintroduced in the 2005 legislative session , so there is a real need for visible support for the " pro-same - gender - marriage " side of this issue .	the csis report cites numerous areas where iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect , anti-shipping cruise missiles : ' iran has obtained new anti-ship missiles and missile patrol craft from china , midget submarines from north korea , submarines from russia , and modern mines . ' "	these missiles are , simply , the fastest anti-ship weapons on the planet .	http://www.bumrungrad.com/en/patient-services/clinics-and-centers/plastic-surgery-thailand-bangkok/breast-augmentation-ba	http://www.railroadredux.com/tag/northwest-shortline/	http://www.netpetshop.co.uk/p-19500-savic-chichi-2-chinchilla-rat-degu-ferret-cage.aspx	http://www.country-couples.co.uk/datingtips/basic-travel-allowance-bta-dating-scam/	good news ... i found a web page run by canadian immigration lawyers at http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html .	[ 1 ] over the last twenty years , use of the term has been frequently criticized by academic art historians for over-simplifying artistic developments , ignoring historical context , and focusing only on a few iconic works .	the long tube uvb bulbs are best , like zoomed 's repsitun model : http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/ remember to replace uvb bulbs according to the manufacturer s recommendation after which time the bulb will no longer produce uvb even if visible light still is .	before you buy anything in ny , make sure you stop by jack -s first .	if you get caught in traffic and are a couple minutes late they make you re-schedule ... for 6 weeks later .	and non-smokers beware !!!	very disappointed in kitchen aid as well , i thought that they pre-screened their vendors for price and quality of work , obviously they do not !	the guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly , ahmed , was nice and mostly professional , except the semi-sketchiness .	i 've never been a smoker & am a very strong anti-smoker , but i 'm an over-eater & so i know how hard it is to change a habit .	[ http://www.usatoday.com/tech/science/space/2005-03-09-nasa-search_x.htm?csp=34 ]	[ http://www.newscientistspace.com/article.ns?id=dn8293&feedid=human-spaceflight_atom03 ]	link to video : http://www.livevideo.com/video/c8f5bbec570c4a4dbc326f694d79942a/courage-the-cowardly-dog-so-.aspx	a look at slogans - http://www.small-business-software.net/look-at-slogans.htm	unique selling proposition - http://www.small-business-software.net/unique-selling-proposition.htm	it sounds like a firmware issue and the camera requires a re-boot just like what happens in a computer - needs a re-start from time to time but it should n't be happening in a camera .
discounted	i love it for discounted beauty items and household appliances .	the thing is , you still get high quality service at nicely discounted rates !
-ll	trust me , you go there once and you -ll always go back !
dancewear	i 'm a soccer mom so i was n't sure what i was looking for when it comes to dancewear .
instep	the service at instep was great !!
extraordinarily	i 've also sent over a number of friends to use the services here and everyone is extraordinarily pleased !
btwn	tonight , i called several times with no answer ( btwn 5:30 and 6 pm ) and finally drove there to place my order in person .
inquires	since then we have decided to have them manage our other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer perform all the inquires .
sunroom	we just got our sunroom built by patio world and can say that i 'm extremely happy with the whole thing .
workmanship	from the amount of time spent with us to explain things during the initial quote , to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself .	i just called again and was told that workmanship , not wood , is guaranteed for a year - well in my opinion - the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !
coupon	but the best way is to use coupons .	they do n't take coupons .	i got a coupon from pennysaver for this station .	they have all kind of coupons available for car washes , oil changes , state inspection , etc .	go to the website for coupons and join the club - you can get free parking .	will be a repeat customer with discount coupons .
pennysaver	i got a coupon from pennysaver for this station .
overpriced	then , they sold me overpriced stuffs , such as oil tank cap , so that my car can pass it right away .	the food is mediocre at best , and largely overpriced given the portion size and quality .	i took my 3 year old son here at the weekend and to be honest , apart from the shark walkway , i thought it was rubbish and overpriced .	the meal was extremely overpriced and lacked flavor , especially for being a special nye menu .	the limited menu had few appetizing options and the nye special packages were way overpriced .	this company is overpriced for their services .	i was ready to buy a new jacket , a new sweater and a couple of your overpriced belts and i walked out because of your obvious lurking	on the other hand , this is essentially a statement that the company is overpriced from the guy who knows it best -- and happens to be the best investor of the last century .	the food is excellent , but very overpriced .
stuffs	then , they sold me overpriced stuffs , such as oil tank cap , so that my car can pass it right away .
spongy	spongy and sweet bread ( microwaved ? ) , heartless salsa , tiny dogs ...
microwaved	spongy and sweet bread ( microwaved ? ) , heartless salsa , tiny dogs ...
heartless	spongy and sweet bread ( microwaved ? ) , heartless salsa , tiny dogs ...
grills	the dude who grills the retarded dogs is rude .
toothache	i called on a friday at 12:30 complaining of a severe toothache .
obina	dr. obina told me that his office closed at noon and that i should call him on monday .
olbina	i had been a patient of dr. olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc .
dentists	there are plenty of good dentists in fernandina .	i have had several dentists in my life , but dr. deters is by far my favorite .
fernandina	there are plenty of good dentists in fernandina .
downloading	what you get is a $ 13 / day charge to access the internet through a slow 512 / 512 kb / s that you can only use to check email etc ( read : no downloading ) .
re-schedule	if you get caught in traffic and are a couple minutes late they make you re-schedule ... for 6 weeks later .
rcommended	rcommended by bees , too !
informative	joe removed a wasp nest for our condominium building and we appreciated the environmentally friendly method and prompt , friendly and informative service .	the service was also excellent - friendly , helpful and informative without being overbearing .	the auto mechanics that work for auto towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question i had .	he was incredibly informative about the options i had , giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from .
pesticides	no spraying of pesticides !
condos	we highly recommend joe and his wasp removal service to individual home owners and condos .
accomodating	very accomodating
alpharetta	hidden gem in alpharetta
fabulously	this french born , french trained chef and his creative partners offer a taste fresh , locally sourced , fabulously prepared food in the most unlikely of locations .
shallac	i go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ 25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !
manicure	i go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ 25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !	this place offers a great manicure and pedicure .
pedicures	pedicures are also great .
rendy	rendy is totally amazing .
caffe	november 7 , 2010 first time eating at caffe bella italia and it was a wonderful experience .
delectable	from the delectable antipasto misto to the spaghetti alla barese and the parmigiana and ending with gelato , all was mouth watering .
antipasto	from the delectable antipasto misto to the spaghetti alla barese and the parmigiana and ending with gelato , all was mouth watering .
misto	from the delectable antipasto misto to the spaghetti alla barese and the parmigiana and ending with gelato , all was mouth watering .
barese	from the delectable antipasto misto to the spaghetti alla barese and the parmigiana and ending with gelato , all was mouth watering .
parmigiana	from the delectable antipasto misto to the spaghetti alla barese and the parmigiana and ending with gelato , all was mouth watering .
gelato	( ps. i 'm assuming you 'll stop off in wellington , and since it s summer , may i recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos ?	from the delectable antipasto misto to the spaghetti alla barese and the parmigiana and ending with gelato , all was mouth watering .
beware	beware of sharayu	beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a nail drill at all you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be able to do well in a salon !!!	buyer beware !!
sharayu	beware of sharayu
hopless	hopless service , at the time of booking my car a lot was promised but delivered not even one tenth of what was promised .
hcc	hcc 's new nine was a little shaky at first , but the new grounds superintendant has done wonders for the course !!	come back and give hcc a second chance at least !
superintendant	hcc 's new nine was a little shaky at first , but the new grounds superintendant has done wonders for the course !!
golfers	it is a great course for local golfers to be proud of and all the comments in 2008 have been very positive !!
physiotherapists	excellent physiotherapists !
kusal	kusal goonewardena and his team of physios are unbelievable !
goonewardena	kusal goonewardena and his team of physios are unbelievable !
physios	kusal goonewardena and his team of physios are unbelievable !
osteos	i have been suffering from back pain for over 12 years and have been to numerous specialists , physios , osteos and chiros with no help .
chiros	i have been suffering from back pain for over 12 years and have been to numerous specialists , physios , osteos and chiros with no help .
attentive	our server was quite attentive and the food was fantastic .	bloom legal was really attentive to my problem , and seth bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue i was dealing with .	in general i would say that the staff is attentive and nice .	staff is super friendly and very attentive .
flavorful	this was a flavorful , enjoyable meal for both of us .
groomed	went in there and got my dog groomed came home to an uneven dog then took him back to get evened up what a mistake !
evened	went in there and got my dog groomed came home to an uneven dog then took him back to get evened up what a mistake !
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bullfighting	if you watch a lot of fights ( youtube ) and research some of the history ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bullfighting ) you will find yourself enjoying it a lot more !
bullfights	also after seeing a handful of bullfights , i can say that they 're a lot more enjoyable if you 're smashed ( bac >= .15 ) .
bac	also after seeing a handful of bullfights , i can say that they 're a lot more enjoyable if you 're smashed ( bac >= .15 ) .	i had to ask the girl who brought my food and she never came back to let me know .
>=	---->===}*{===<----	---->===}*{===<----	also after seeing a handful of bullfights , i can say that they 're a lot more enjoyable if you 're smashed ( bac >= .15 ) .
.15	also after seeing a handful of bullfights , i can say that they 're a lot more enjoyable if you 're smashed ( bac >= .15 ) .
followup	the followup visit is free !!
reball	i just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair i wanted ( a reball ) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .
warranty	i just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair i wanted ( a reball ) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .	someone else i found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .	he took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes ??	they told me that this is not under warranty and want to charge me $ 175 just to diagnose the problem !	is it worthy to send in for warranty repair ?	your camera is n't acting normally , you got warranty , let canon deal with it .	i also agree it 's under warranty so get in touch with canon .
brainer	it was a no brainer really .
dingy	it 's dark , dingy & dirty .
salads	the salads are limp and the rest of the food is n't any better ( ok , the nachos are not too bad ! )	the food continues to be very good -- deli sandwiches , homemade soups , fresh salads .	the salatim salads are the smallest plates i 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .
nachos	the salads are limp and the rest of the food is n't any better ( ok , the nachos are not too bad ! )	i am in love with the giant plate of nachos !
+++	++++++ confidentiality notice +++++	top range of bike , cheap prices , excellent a +++	excellent , top guys a +++++ reccommend to anyone !!!!!!!!!!	a +++	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	thanks for fixing my garage door a ++++++++++++++++++	we at home love it at $ 80 +++
fixeded	yep they fixeded my thumpstar in 1 day .
thumpstar	yep they fixeded my thumpstar in 1 day .
wase	it wase nt going an had a gear box problem ....
anywere	i cold n't find anywere else local to fix it so i took it there and they fixed it for $ 150 ...
thaks	thanks guys goes really well and thaks 4 the cheap price ..
reccommend	excellent , top guys a +++++ reccommend to anyone !!!!!!!!!!	i will reccommend his services however / whenever possible !
!!!!!!!!!!	best place ever !!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	ten points !!!!!!!!!!?	please help !!!!!!!!!!!	thank you !!!!!!!!!!!!! :d	they are awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	excellent , top guys a +++++ reccommend to anyone !!!!!!!!!!	my family and i thank you !!!!!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	juno and open i love you guys !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	real christian of you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	can i have some indoor pet ideas please !!!!!!!!!!!!!?	so go and get dancing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	go to the looking glass for all your smoking needs !!!!!!!!!!	the teaching there sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	all of the teachers there are so mean they get mad at you for nothing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
80's	this is the original ham 's restaurant , expanded into a regional chain in the late 80's -- but this one is no more .	i am a music junkie that grew up in the 80's , and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960's .	the atmosphere is your typical indie outfit with old movie posters and memorabilia from the 70's and 80's .	this is the organization that bombed our marine barracks in 1983 , took americans hostage throughout the 80's and now they should be considered a legitimate organization ?	a pacman frog will need a heat source that creates a basking temp in the upper 80's f for at least 10 - 12 hours a day .
panes	out of that cost , thirty - six billion dollars ( $ 36,000,000,000 ) were supplied by king hussein , kingdom of saudi arabia and other persian gulf monarchies , and sixteen billion dollars ( $ 16,000,000,000 ) by german and japanese partners .	an intrusion into japanese territorial waters by a chinese nuclear submarine last week and a trade deal with brazil are the latest apparently unconnected consequences of china 's soaring economic growth .	one of the manifestations of their racism is the rejection towards japanese yoko ono .	paul craig roberts , writing for the american conservative , said in july of 2005 that " as a result of many years of persistent trade surpluses with the united states , the japanese government holds dollar reserves of approximately $ 1 trillion .	you should n't ask this question it 's intimidating , if i tell you what people knows about philippines you will blush , thank god many thinks i 'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself , the way i talk and treat people , and the way i dress , so if you do n't want nasty , insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius , caloy , gro science , and irene .	i always thought mayko or meiko is a japanese name .	the canadian regenesis actress mayko nguyen has japanese connection or is it her fake name ?	mayko is relating to the japanese .	i 'm pretty sure that mayko is japanese .	well first you can try speaking japanese .	there has been a large asian presence in the sf bay area for a long time -- the chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of china , there were lots of japanese who 'd been displaced during wwii .	our window panes were so dirty that they needed a specialist to come and clean them .	lol , last news message came out kinda weird , i was trying to browse the japanese website while i changed the text i was supposed to put up but i ran out of time so there are no real pictures yet ... but i 'll add the links soon sry .	if you 're looking for homestyle japanese food , you ca n't beat this
hairstyling	when i get my hair done there , they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin your hair .
bodyworker	i have worked with shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker for years and have never been disappointed .
boothbay	best store in boothbay harbor
re-wiring	my wife and i avoided doing some fairly simple electrical re-wiring in our home for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved .
hassle	my wife and i avoided doing some fairly simple electrical re-wiring in our home for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved .	i highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service .	bramen honda was a bit of a hassle .	mr. guerra gave me a better deal without any hassles nor any type of problems .	if you have gotten through ordering , dealing with the rude staff and if you followed the dumb rules , you are finally presented with what you came for .. some tacos that are " ok , " but definitely not worth putting up with all the hassle .	i love walking in and not being hassled .	thought adding a comment would save someone the hassle with a useless trip there .	it was all sorted with no hassle at all and i 'm really grateful - they were fab .
bonafide	i finally called matt from bonafide and he made the project both easy for us and reasonable .
knowledgable	he was prompt , knowledgable , friendly , clean and just an overall great guy who obviously cares about his business .	their selection is top notch and the staff is very knowledgable .
joule	richard joule and the gang are pros from start to finish .
palces	i had sonic in many other palces but for some reason this sonic is always just covered in grease and not good ... :(
sercvice	satisfactory for sure with the sercvice !
showroom	i visited their huge chicago lighting showroom and all i have to say is wow !!	i spent $ 2300 on the bedroom suite , which was complete and excellent condition on the showroom floor .
chandeliers	lots of collections , many antique light fixtures , chandeliers , custom lighting etc .	i think they have the largest collection for chandeliers chicago .	antiques , vintage , contemporary & modern chandeliers .
wontons	brought my wife deb with me and she like the fried crab wontons and said they were good ..
moo	moon landing hoax : church = technology & government - shuttle carried on aircraft model	i ordered the moo shu pork and it was great ..
pedicure	i also had a pedicure , and they cut my nails too short , one of my big toes looks like it s getting infected .	first let me start out by saying , that i have had very nice pedicures at lovely nails on military road .	i was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that i have had in my life .	if the pedicure lasted 20 mins. , that was a stretch .	this place offers a great manicure and pedicure .
slimy	cold , slimy , tasteless however is the same in all languages and foods .
tasteless	cold , slimy , tasteless however is the same in all languages and foods .	big mistake - the food was tasteless and cold .
asparagus	the asparagus , seared tuna , and lobster tail were the best we ever had .
seared	the asparagus , seared tuna , and lobster tail were the best we ever had .
desserts	then the desserts came , and they were hands down the best dessert we ever had .	but one should not go here expecting something fantastic , unless perhaps you 've never had middle - eastern food before , or succulent duck , tasty lamb , decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts .
feverishly	i had john and dustin working feverishly to get my exhaust motor replaced .
grizzly	wanted to buy a rhino 700 and a grizzly 700 .
peachstate	i live 10 minutes from cycle city , but i drove 50 mile south to peachstate powersports in lagrange , dealt with the owner , levi , and was well taken care of .
powersports	i live 10 minutes from cycle city , but i drove 50 mile south to peachstate powersports in lagrange , dealt with the owner , levi , and was well taken care of .
lagrange	i live 10 minutes from cycle city , but i drove 50 mile south to peachstate powersports in lagrange , dealt with the owner , levi , and was well taken care of .
nidd	nigel from nidd design has always provided a first class service , from his advice and professionalism to the quality of his design drawings and planning applications .
rangoon	got the crab rangoon which was great , tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also good .
tofu	got the crab rangoon which was great , tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also good .
satay	got the crab rangoon which was great , tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also good .
californian	robinson said the filing - granted two hours after the request - helped rather than hurt californians .	" terry said he made that filing in the interest of californians , but i find that argument has no basis in fact . ''	as a native southern californian i can tell you that this is not authentic mexican food .
esp.	esp. the mole , tortilla soup , and guacamole .
tortilla	esp. the mole , tortilla soup , and guacamole .	worst place flour tortillas are always hard the beef enchiladas are discussing meat all over cooked was good many yrs ago but restaurant has gone down hill
guacamole	esp. the mole , tortilla soup , and guacamole .	to start we tried the guacamole and salsa verde , it was completly flavorless .
margaritas	margaritas are alright .
queso	my only complaint is the queso .
morelias	i had the morelias enchiladas .
enchiladas	i had the morelias enchiladas .	the sauce was dry and the enchiladas did not taste good . at all .	i asked for a fried egg on my enchiladas ... and did not get it .!	worst place flour tortillas are always hard the beef enchiladas are discussing meat all over cooked was good many yrs ago but restaurant has gone down hill
vomited	in fact my friend vomited after our meal .
skylight	skylight repair
bateman	james bateman came the day i called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently .
entie	he also inspected my entie roof to see if there was anything else that needed attention .
hailstorm	when the next hailstorm blows through , i will not hesitate to contact james at team texas construction .
raina	that did it for me .. no more raina 's .
un-ruly	besides parking is a pain .. cramped and un-ruly with kumon parents next door .... gives me heebee gee bees'
kumon	besides parking is a pain .. cramped and un-ruly with kumon parents next door .... gives me heebee gee bees'
heebee	besides parking is a pain .. cramped and un-ruly with kumon parents next door .... gives me heebee gee bees'
bees'	besides parking is a pain .. cramped and un-ruly with kumon parents next door .... gives me heebee gee bees'
addicting	this is the most humble gym you will every step into .... if you dare to work on your body do n't be surprised when you see how addicting going to fitness unlimited can be !!
over-rated	over-rated ...	over-rated
enchladas	secondly , the enchladas did not come with enchilada sauce .. but chili ... like hormel 's chili .. the cheese was american cheese !
enchilada	i had the morelias enchiladas .	the sauce was dry and the enchiladas did not taste good . at all .	i asked for a fried egg on my enchiladas ... and did not get it .!	secondly , the enchladas did not come with enchilada sauce .. but chili ... like hormel 's chili .. the cheese was american cheese !	worst place flour tortillas are always hard the beef enchiladas are discussing meat all over cooked was good many yrs ago but restaurant has gone down hill
hormel	secondly , the enchladas did not come with enchilada sauce .. but chili ... like hormel 's chili .. the cheese was american cheese !
relleno	the chili relleno .. had no batter on it .
googled	i googled restaurants in the area and fuji sushi came up and reviews were great so i made a carry out order of : l 17 .	i googled garage door repair in woodinville and found ndi - johnette answered the phone and was oh - so pleasant and helpful !	it should be easily googled .
tempura	mixed tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad .
.....................	mixed tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad .
8.25	mixed tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad .
jiu	when i say jiu - jitsu or mma i mean it !	best jiu - jitsu mma in santa rosa and i have the experience and belt to back it up !
jitsu	when i say jiu - jitsu or mma i mean it !	best jiu - jitsu mma in santa rosa and i have the experience and belt to back it up !
ncfa	when you come to ncfa you will see a real instructor that teaches and trains everyday !
www.norcalfightingalliance.com	dave terrell www.norcalfightingalliance.com
dealerships	thank god there are plenty of toyota dealerships to choose from in this city .
absoulutely	i have been here before and the service was absoulutely great .
comfty	they had a great selection of colors to choose from and their seats are super comfty .
toda	afraid i do n't have time today to discuss these , but some stories need attention :	lots of important stories out there today jeff .... thank god and a few good souls for that conviction .	== why did bush revoke executive order 13011 today ?	in scanning the whitehouse.gov site today , i noticed the following executive order :	i 'm a regular poster but for some reason blogger wo n't let me in today ... but sign me troublefunk .	in my humble opinion , the number one danger to the world today is iran and its regime .	i will send the specifics per andre later today .	i see that we are scheduled to have lunch today .	i see that we are scheduled to have lunch today .	paul called me today .	i did n't get a chance to talk to paul today .	paul is out of the office today so i have n't had a chance to talk to him .	i am not in the office today , so please include renee alfaro on your response .	i believe someone called about this today , but mr. lay asked me to let you know that these dates do n't work for him , either .	are you in the office to initial signature pages today ?	my goal , however optimistic , is to execute the risk policy by the end of today .	are you in the office to initial signature pages today ?	my goal , however optimistic , is to execute the risk policy by the end of today .	if so , i 'll get it signed by craig breslau today , then bring it to you for countersignature .	anyway , lots of fun meetings today .	how 's life on 32 today -- well that 's enough about you let 's talk more about me .	conference call with coned at 1:00 today in sara 's office - eb 3801a .	i 'll get back to you as soon as i have more info ( hopefully later today )	i 'll get back to you as soon as i have more info ( hopefully later today )	attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the gas industry restructuring / natural gas strategy proceeding , including the motion for approval of the comprehensive settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the comprehensive settlement , the comprehensive settlement document itself , and the various appendices to the settlement .?	i would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and , if you have any problem with changing the gcp procedure , please let me know .	can you cover for me today ?	do we have 2 sessions today ?	i have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the payne creek site today .	hope you 'll have time to review it today .	as an overview , this proposal : * maintains the basic gas accord structure in place today for the period 2003 to 2007 . *	* offers end user transportation rates for 2003 lower for most customers than rates in effect today . *
reccomend	i reccomend you to go and enjoy their wonderful hospitality .	i would reccomend anyone to go see jana kueck and robin talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer .	i deffenitly reccomend this salon and holly to anyone .
govind	anna marie and govind are very sweet people , and the minute you steep into their school , the calm loving atmosphere takes over , and tension and worries stay outside in the street , whether or not you pick them up again after class is probably a question of practice .
salesperson	the salesperson refused !	i was looking to bring a customer to their lot to buy a car but the internet salesperson last name is balazick sent me this email " and if it was worth my time i would of bothered aswering your questions .
cajunish	if you want a little cajunish food - it is good .
eulogic	eulogic
mussels	the beers were good , nice choice of beers as well , and as usual the mussels were great , the place upstairs is a nice addition to the bar downstairs .	we decided to try this place last night because we noticed that it had some interesting things on the menu aside from the usual rolls -- live scallop sashimi , duck breast nigiri with foie gras , panko mussels -- but none of these were particularly great or worth the sticker price .
handcraft	if you are a handcraft beer person , this is a fantastic place to be .
tanglewood	i moved into the tanglewood apartments in late 2008 and it 's been a refreshing change .	we have stayed at tanglewood for many years now .
meadowrun	i used to live at meadowrun and that was a nightmare .
reachable	are whole offices ( eg tokyo ) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices ?	she 's very reachable and she has always responded quickly to any questions or requests .
breakfasts	plus she plans a monthly breakfasts and other events at the clubhouse which is a nice added benefit .	excellent chefs are in the kitchen preparing memorable breakfasts .	mary is an excellent host who does yummy breakfasts .
snows	according to parmesan 's earlier studies , one extinction event , for instance , was triggered when a checkerspot population migrated north prematurely , relying on a warming temperature signal , then was caught in a severe snowstorm in its northern habitat .	i have used these guys for new snows , fixing lots of flats , used replacement tires , and oil changes .
surley	one guy is a little surley , but who gives a crap as long as your car 's work is outstanding .
bakers	i 'm hoping the bakers continue to do their baking out of another place , because it would be a shame not to have these cakes any longer .
esp	[ this killing of a respected cleric will be causing us trouble for years to come . ]	chalabi has been increasingly marginalized within iraq , however , despite his ties of clientelage with washington and tehran .	one of the most widespread myths of recent times is that the chernobyl nuclear reactor accident in 1986 caused many thousands of extra cancer deaths in neighbouring regions , and that public health has been severely affected by exposure to radiation .	response : the us must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the pakistani government .	response : the us has succeeded in politically isolating hamas , and started the process of cutting off its funding .	response : iraq is actually hostile territory for al - qaeda , and without iraqi sympathizers it can not succeed there .	bush was only able to give a partial response to the query on the leader of taiwan , referring to taiwanese president lee teng - hui simply as " lee . "	kalkat , who currently chairs the independent us - based international council on conflict resolution , said despite the failure of the indian army to disarm or even subdue the tigers , india remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks .	last june , an international initiative led by japan to persuade the ltte to come back to the negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer of us$ 4.5 billion .	despite sept. 11 , the united states still supports the kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price washington is paying to keep pervez musharraf happy .	despite many wrinkles , india remains a part - democracy and merely signing on to a piece of paper that calls for an independent kashmir does not get you into the trouble that writing an op - ed piece against sonia gandhi or atal behari vajpayee would instantly .	it was the business community in india that stepped in after vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002 , pointing out that the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear war -- was around the corner in the subcontinent was china .	byron york is a white house correspondent for national review .	any government that assumes power after the elections also realises this , so not even sistani is going to call the us to withdraw its troops , despite what he is saying now , not until they are ensured the insurgency is out of the picture , or that they have an alternative foreign power ( in this case iran ) to back them up .	posada 's crimes , on the other hand , must seem like ancient history , especially to a people who do n't know their history .	i 've read the book - it 's a first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of contra drug connections that led to terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the twig counterintelligence group that ran interference for the contra effort , staffed by covert ops types including ollie north , robert owen , vince cannistaro and buck revell .	correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found they also had another story - the miserable security situation surrounding the indian navy 's far eastern naval command , now being established along with india 's " blue water navy " .	the meeting was pushed together by the cia and the us defence department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged pakistani backed taliban .	afshari , who was posted in germany and was responsible for receiving mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the german government tried to absorb mujahedeen children into their education system , the mujahedeen refused .	praise be : given the void in responsible behavior among governments , police , educational establishments and religions , the task of guiding our youth down the path of righteousness has fallen to ... satan "	perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the ' church - morality ' crowd , which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor , but does n't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation .	important kos diary about bush 's response to the gathering storm of scandals :	i have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence , forgiveness , and charity , but it 's important to remember that christians ( or ' smartwolves ' ) do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle .	suicide murders also have nothing to do with poverty and despair .	there are numerous desperate people in the world , in different cultures , countries and continents .	desperation does not provide anyone with explosives , reconnaissance and transportation .	there was certainly more despair in saddam 's iraq than in paul bremmer 's iraq , and no one exploded himself .	mr. sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester , but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time .	there are naive old - fashioned habits such as respecting religious sites and symbols , not using ambulances and hospitals for acts of war , avoiding the mutilation of dead bodies and not using children as human shields or human bombs .	suppose , for the sake of discussion , that someone would openly stay in a well - known address in teheran , hosted by the iranian government and financed by it , executing one atrocity after another in spain or in france , killing hundreds of innocent people , accepting responsibility for the crimes , promising in public tv interviews to do more of the same , while the government of iran issues public condemnations of his acts but continues to host him , invite him to official functions and treat him as a great dignitary .	the letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik abdel rahman and those responsible for the earlier world trade center bombing in 1993 .	there was lax control over the distribution of the ames strain that was used , especially in light of the fact that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997 .
youngstown	this place is identical to the youngstown sports grille , so i imagine they are owned / operated by the same people .	i was very excited that a salon was opening in lewiston , as i live in youngstown .
mediocre	the food is mediocre at best , and largely overpriced given the portion size and quality .	the service was just about as good as i 'd get in nyc ( that means it was poor ) and the food was almost mediocre .	the food is mediocre at best .
steaks	i was feeling the need for some fish so i had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if i am in town again , i 'll definitely order a steak .	old time grocery , best steaks i have ever had !
re-interviewed	re-interviewed and am going on interviews for a new job .
dependable	they are dependable , have great connections in the community , and are a great resource for finding a job .
puppies	great experience - consider checking out their puppies before buying from a breeder !
temperment	my pup has a wonderful temperment and has been a wonderful addition to my family !
silverware	no silverware , asked for a spoon for my son s mac and cheese ended up having to use my tea spoon .
napkins	had to go the the bus boy s station ourselves to get napkins .
gentel	you are knowledgeable , professional , gentel and kind .
molesters	if you 're a fan of herpes , being ripped off , and child molesters , this is the garage for you .
updo	i called and asked about the price for hair updo and the receptionist or owner who aswered the phone refused to tell me , or even just give me an approximate price range .
aswered	i called and asked about the price for hair updo and the receptionist or owner who aswered the phone refused to tell me , or even just give me an approximate price range .
chelan	right near chelan .
nowheresville	aka nowheresville .
litttle	and this litttle gem of a 7 - table restaurant is a complete and utterly wonderful surprise .
pretense	fantastic food served without pretense , very reasonably priced wine selections .
onesie	boutique stores dealing in children 's clothing / gifts are often outrageously priced ( who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie ? )
boutiques	but i was pleasantly surprised to find that the purple goose 's prices are reasonable ( for the same products found at other area boutiques , the prices were 20 - 25 % cheaper ) .
consistantly	consistantly poor
distain	a lack of organisation , coupled with the distain for its customers , makes this the worst rental agency i have used .
unresolved	chasing them on issues from the day i moved in ( many of them still unresolved as i left ) to all sorts of farcical issues with funds , after i left . . . . as soon as i could .
farcical	chasing them on issues from the day i moved in ( many of them still unresolved as i left ) to all sorts of farcical issues with funds , after i left . . . . as soon as i could .
vigilant	if you must use them , be vigilant and be ready to push , if you can go elsewhere then i would .
ipanema	it s been a few years since i have been to ipanema .
nondescript	do n't let the nondescript building entrance fool you , these are some creative and talented chefs ... two thumbs way , way up !
fraiser	i recently threw a surprise birthday party for my wife at fraiser 's .	i highly recommend fraiser 's for anyone planning a special event for friends , family or business .
honka	it 's located in the huge honka log homes building , by walmart off of evergreen parkway .
durability	it's durability & look was perfect and i will definitely be adding to my collection soon !
saddened	i was saddened to see the reviews that claimed world hats mart has poor service .
tolerating	it led me to believe that the reviewers simply had difficulty tolerating people with strongly - accented english .
accented	it led me to believe that the reviewers simply had difficulty tolerating people with strongly - accented english .
flips	do nt ever go there , not even if your car flips .
compeltly	i 'm compeltly dissatisfied with their service and their products .
meanest	i prefer advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people .
supercuts	this woman should be working in supercuts ... if that .
regreted	i generally like the bk over the other fast serving restaurants ; however , i regreted to visit this restaurant at my town .
branford	this is a shame of my adorable town , branford .
rudely	i asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay .	when i inquired he rudely replied " in the morning when things are checked out you 'll get it back . "
napa	the bad : i was at napa recently and was unpleasantly surprised at poor waiter svce and subpar food .	napa is all about wine but gives very short descriptions of the wines on their lists .
unpleasantly	the bad : i was at napa recently and was unpleasantly surprised at poor waiter svce and subpar food .
svce	the bad : i was at napa recently and was unpleasantly surprised at poor waiter svce and subpar food .
subpar	this amendment amends the transaction fee referenced in subparagraph ( c ) of the fee schedule to the subscription agreement .	the bad : i was at napa recently and was unpleasantly surprised at poor waiter svce and subpar food .
phenomenal	the facilities are more than adequate and the staff are just phenomenal .
calmness	their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time i walk in .
amazes	their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time i walk in .	i have to say the value of this place always amazes me .
horrendous	we have since moved slightly further away from the centre but it 's worth the extra travel , as the care provided exceeds our expectations ... especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences elsewhere .
daycare	we have since moved slightly further away from the centre but it 's worth the extra travel , as the care provided exceeds our expectations ... especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences elsewhere .	you were clearly given another alternative by second home , to board him - which might have given your dog a chance to come and go from second home a couple times , getting used to the place and maybe facilitating another attempt to get into daycare later .	my dogs are far from perfect , and one of them i believe would be a little much for daycare here herself ( at least initially ) .
lopsided	the crust was lopsided , thicker on one side than the other .
!!!.	this was nothing like new york style pizza !!!.
answetred	once they fixed it they answetred all of my questions with no hesitations and then gave me the best quote ever .
hesitations	once they fixed it they answetred all of my questions with no hesitations and then gave me the best quote ever .
temecula	allen tire was recommended by friend after my having bad tire experiences in temecula .
lexus	the store manager , jim smith , made an excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired lexus .	my heart pounded as i walked down and pounded even faster upon seeing gerry in an suv - lexus !	lexus is 300 .
dealership	thank god there are plenty of toyota dealerships to choose from in this city .	i highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service .	i have since purchased two cars from this dealership , the first one was from phillip and the second was from richard .	i make money not deal with brokers " wow , can you believe in today s tough times this dealership would be looking for any way to move vehicles .	stay away from this dealership !!!	i purchased a 2 - year old certified pre-owned bmw from this dealership .	i typically have work done on my jeep at the dealership , but it is 6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices just did n't seem cost effective anymore .	this is by far the best run dealership in miami .
hooptie	this place has done a great job of taking care of the usual maintenance on my hooptie .
sticker	i also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker ... and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me ... " the inspection guy is n't here today " .... for example .	we decided to try this place last night because we noticed that it had some interesting things on the menu aside from the usual rolls -- live scallop sashimi , duck breast nigiri with foie gras , panko mussels -- but none of these were particularly great or worth the sticker price .
kwik	today i went into kwik kar and there were two cars in front of me for inspection ... but i was still out of there pretty quick ... barely had time to read a chapter in my book .
kar	[ karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between india and pakistan in afghanistan .	karzai , musharraf new regional equations	nobody should feel a looser in afghanistan , '' president hamid karzai told pakistan 's english daily the nation .	all the regional countries have publicly backed the karzai government and supported the electoral process , but serious undercurrents remain as they all have their favourite contenders in afghanistan .	that changed on september 22 when president george w. bush , musharraf and karzai held a three way meeting in new york on the sidelines of the un general assembly .	karzai was clearly pleased at the results .	'' president musharraf promised to help us and cooperate with us on curbing terrorist activity by the taliban , '' says karzai .	with president karzai certain to win the elections and the demotion of key former northern alliance figures such as general fahim and warlord ismail khan , there is now little reason for moderate taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former northern alliance figures if they return home .	karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between india and pakistan in afghanistan .	karzai categorically said that he has assured musharraf repeatedly that any adverse action against pakistan taken by indian diplomats inside afghanistan would be acted upon swiftly .	in a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of karzai , iran , russia and india which have traditionally backed the tajik dominated former northern alliance made strenuous efforts to convince presidential candidate younis qanooni to strike a deal with karzai before the elections and not to oppose karzai .	qanooni refused to accept the iranian advice as his fellow panjsheri tajiks urged him to stand against karzai .	with the us military presence posing a threat on their borders in both iraq and afghanistan , iran 's moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise karzai so that the us presence in afghanistan is reduced .	iranian officials say they made no objections to khan 's ouster because they want to strengthen karzai 's campaign against warlords .	nevertheless this places karzai in a difficult and sensitive situation because he has to maintain excellent relations with both the us and iran .	so far what they have done together has been good for us and that 's how we would like to keep it '' , says karzai .	nobody can claim that the interference of afghanistan 's neighbours is over , but the elections will do much to strengthen karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours ' interference .	many taliban living in afghanistan voted for president karzai .	various doctors , both foreign and american , are associated with al qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors abdul qadoos khan , a bacteriologist from rawalpindi and aafia siddiqui , phd , from karachi .	the pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in karachi after being spotted at the airport in late march or early april 2003 .	according to the pakistan reports , aafia siddiqui was detained after being spotted at karachi international airport ( after she was followed to a relative 's house ) .	( karachi is in the south ) .	karim .	john , karim ,	karim - this 's likely the explanation to your other question ...	karim ,	karim .	john , karim ,	karim - this 's likely the explanation to your other question ...	karen phillips	karen . x54667	karl rove , bush 's most senior advisor , notoriously told republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms to " run on the war . "
prudential	as first - time home buyers , my husband and i found stephanie fairchild at prudential steamboat realty , extremely helpful .
realty	as first - time home buyers , my husband and i found stephanie fairchild at prudential steamboat realty , extremely helpful .
yampa	we would highly recommend stephanie to anyone looking for a home in the yampa valley .
riddled	flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold !!!!
lovin'	now i have to be in the area to get some lovin' : sad face :
kueck	jana kueck was nothing but professional .	i would reccomend anyone to go see jana kueck and robin talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer .
talley	i would reccomend anyone to go see jana kueck and robin talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer .
methodical	dave is a patient and methodical teacher , who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students ' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take .
orginals	in just 2 - 3 focused lessons , i 'm already now capable of picking up new songs off youtube guitar how to videos and am even writing my own orginals with confidence !
roofing	we would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home .
omfg	omfg
reaaaally	i fucking hate this place every time i go this hot chick shows up and i mean really hot but she is like reaaaally dumb and then their is this other chick that is realy ugly but she is like super smart she could be a scientist , but then their is this stoner who always comes here high and he always brings his fucking dog who is so high from the second hand smoke i think he is trying to talk .
realy	i fucking hate this place every time i go this hot chick shows up and i mean really hot but she is like reaaaally dumb and then their is this other chick that is realy ugly but she is like super smart she could be a scientist , but then their is this stoner who always comes here high and he always brings his fucking dog who is so high from the second hand smoke i think he is trying to talk .
stoner	i fucking hate this place every time i go this hot chick shows up and i mean really hot but she is like reaaaally dumb and then their is this other chick that is realy ugly but she is like super smart she could be a scientist , but then their is this stoner who always comes here high and he always brings his fucking dog who is so high from the second hand smoke i think he is trying to talk .
mysterys	anyway we drive around in my van and solve mysterys and shit
yummy	amazingly yummy !
crepe	my sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town , i was so excited i just wanted to go and test it out for my self !
crepes	thank you roll up crepes !
mulberry	this is one of the worst places i have stayed , we cut out stay short and went to the mulberry .
sussman	my car broke down and roadside towed my vehicle to sussman kia .
earthhhhhhh	heaven on earthhhhhhh !!!!
eatting	i hated sushi before but now i ca nt stop eatting it !!!!!!!
amaze	everything in here seems to amaze me !!!
++++	++++++ confidentiality notice +++++	excellent , top guys a +++++ reccommend to anyone !!!!!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	thanks for fixing my garage door a ++++++++++++++++++
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	the teaching there sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	they are awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	juno and open i love you guys !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	real christian of you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	so go and get dancing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	the teaching there sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	all of the teachers there are so mean they get mad at you for nothing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
soups	the food continues to be very good -- deli sandwiches , homemade soups , fresh salads .	love the soups .
bustling	it is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table ( as in many european cafes ) , but if you are ok with that , the food is very good .
collingswood	another italian restaurant in collingswood ?
arancini	the arancini di riso ( risotto fritters ) are not to be missed .
riso	one of them was from the jubur tribe and was deputy commander of the hawijah garrison .	what 's a few dead soldiers in comparison to keeping all those defense contractors awash in all that tax cash ?	bush successfully makes satan look good in comparison .	but the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish , in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications , which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about .	the islamist had been released from egyptian prison and had known zawahiri well for many years .	this extradition and imprisonment of al qaeda leaders , along with us support for israel and the mubarak government in egypt , remains foremost in the mind of dr. zawahiri .	those appropriations pale in comparison to the many tens of billions in appropriations relating to the invasion of iraq .	they were sent in connection with the earlier bombing of the world trade center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik , sheik abdel rahman .	the letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the wtc and a related plot .	two bombs were also sent to leavenworth , where a key wtc 1993 defendant was imprisoned , addressed to " parole officer . "	the imprisoned wtc 1993 plotter yousef was ksm 's nephew .	thus , the leaders in charge of al qaeda 's anthrax production program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the world trade center .	i understand all of those comparisons , however , the reality is if we lose dean ( which we will if we do n't pay 65 k + 10 k ) , we will end up hiring a replacement at 75 - 80 k .	( harrison ) kyle jones technical solutions engineer	the circularisation of barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis	bullet - proof vests , automatic weapons , helicopters , tanks , robots ... the testosterone is oozing through the streets , more prisons , longer sentences , tighten the belt , spartan conditions , task forces , gang units , gun courts .	harrison county in mississippi bore the brunt of hurricane katrina as it slammed into biloxi and gulfport before heading inland .	yet , this is no comparison to the advancements you 'll make overall , and by the end of 2005 , you 'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness .	1533 atahualpa , inca emperor of peru , imprisoned & learns chess .	1576 boi taken prisoner , but wins his freedom playing chess .	" a fine comparison ! " said sancho ; " though not so new but that i have heard it many and many a time , as well as that other one of the game of chess ; how , so long as the game lasts , each piece has its own particular office , and when the game is finished they are all mixed , jumbled up and shaken together , and stowed away in the bag , which is much like ending life in the grave . "	after george harrison , said arrogantly in a video filmed in his studio at henley on thames : " i want to talk about the divinity of man " , he was given throat cancer by god because of those words , which made metastasis and carried on to final death ..	that rejection got to the point that george harrison kicked yoko ono in the apple studios during the filming of let it be .	the receptionist of " hand made " , the former film making company of george harrison said : " we do n't have any relation with that man anymore and we do n't want to know anything about him " .	it is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the british cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of george harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .	paul mccartney said that george harrison is a nothing .	george harrison said that he is tired of listening to people talk about john lennon ....	george harrison said in a video that " oasis is a very untalented band and they should n't be playing at all " , all of it being the truth , but the beatles is also a band of very poor musicians , if musicians at all , who could only play a couple of elementary guitar chords and who are as untalented as oasis .	while the ominous possibilities of heightened iraqi chaos , missiles in the gulf , and syrian involvement loom large if the us attacks iran , all pale in comparison to the involvement of china in any us / iran engagement .	22 - number of hours prisoners were handcuffed , shackled , and made to wear surgical masks , earmuffs , and blindfolds during their flight to guantanamo .	32 - number of confirmed suicide attempts by guantanamo bay prisoners .	24 - number of prisoners in mid-2003 being monitored by psychiatrists in guantanamo 's new mental ward .
risotto	the arancini di riso ( risotto fritters ) are not to be missed .
fritters	the arancini di riso ( risotto fritters ) are not to be missed .
saltimboca	chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there 's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven .
mousse	chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there 's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven .
wholeheartedly	as a very satisfied new customer , i wholeheartedly recommend united air duct cleaning .
accomplishing	they are professional , knowledgeable , and take meticulous care and pride in accomplishing their work .
solana	the best breakfast in solana beach !
moda	after going through 5 other places i finally found janice at alta moda .
wildwood	my favorite place at wildwood	i have been going to the wildwood , nj for over 30 years for summer vacations and always call the madrid first .	i am saying when comparing all other hotels in wildwood , this hotel has everything that we are looking for .
vacations	i have been going to the wildwood , nj for over 30 years for summer vacations and always call the madrid first .
scordia	when in scordia , sicily
mudo	if ever in sicily please take the time to visit anna maria jose mudo and her familia .
familia	one week to elections day and the general atmosphere in the capital is eerie , yet strikingly familiar .	sound familiar ?	are either of you familiar with this project ?	perhaps jim armogida can assist in revising them as i am sure he is more familiar with the way enron corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are .	i guess if you are someone not familiar with how nasa benefits our society i can see how one might form the opinion of yheggy - ga .	yet , there is warmth and a familiarity with the vastness .	they may not be familiar , but they will be fascinating .	the answer lies in one now - familiar name : jack abramoff .	sidenote ... i am familiar with the capital grille , barclay prime , the palm , the prime rib , morton s , ruth chris ' , etc .	i am only familiar with morton 's and ruth chris .	if ever in sicily please take the time to visit anna maria jose mudo and her familia .	we were familiar with search engine optimization strategies , but new nothing about social media - we just heard that it was the next big thing .
italiano	you will also have the pleasure of learning the italiano language .
luv	you will also have the experience of learning the bella sicilian culture , that i have fallen in luv with .	i will 4 - ever be eternally grateful for their hospitality and luv that my sicilian family showed me when i was there for 3 years .
eternally	i will 4 - ever be eternally grateful for their hospitality and luv that my sicilian family showed me when i was there for 3 years .
kennels	i 've never felt the need to write a review or make a complaint before , but after the way i was spoken to by a member of staff at the kennels ( whose name i believe to be mrs closs ) i would now not recommend this business to anybody .
closs	i 've never felt the need to write a review or make a complaint before , but after the way i was spoken to by a member of staff at the kennels ( whose name i believe to be mrs closs ) i would now not recommend this business to anybody .
dealship	i purchased a nissan from this dealship .
triage	yes , we had to wait , but er is a triage system that takes the most life threatening cases first .
uw	this is a great hospital and even better since it became part of the uw system .
backpacks	the staff and the principal are rediculous , they do n't listen to any input , and they make up rediculous rules ( they banned backpacks , because a teacher tripped over a student 's ) .
jolla	so handy for local la jolla stuff - especially for finding residential numbers	since moving back from college and trying to settle roots in the village , i have referred to the la jolla blue book for a ton of local numbers .	i have lived in the utc la jolla area for many years , and i never new this salon was here until a friend reffered me to see holly here .
cookbook	the white pages allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that i could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my cookbook .
fot	the staff do occasionally get game info correct , but if you r looking fot a good game and are n't a nerd , do nt ask them .
nerd	the staff do occasionally get game info correct , but if you r looking fot a good game and are n't a nerd , do nt ask them .
fps	the last time i did that i was suggested to buy oblivion when i told them i was looking for a fps .	i knew what it was and told the guy that it was n't a fps .	he tried to tell me it was when i told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue .
wedges	the only thing i found edible were the potato wedges , i finally gave up , he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be ok - his mongolian bowl was awful .
wantons	the only thing i found edible were the potato wedges , i finally gave up , he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be ok - his mongolian bowl was awful .
liquidweb.com	liquidweb.com rocks !!!	i would like to host my upcoming website to liquidweb.com
liquidweb	liquidweb.com rocks !!!	i work with him and since past 6 years he is hosting his websites to liquidweb .	as i have gone through many reviews sites to see if any provider is providing better services or not , and i have realized that there were many good reviews about liquidweb also steven never faced any server issues in his whole hosting .	i would like to host my upcoming website to liquidweb.com
hino	hino dealer of the year	congratulations prestige hino !	you have been awarded the converted hino dealer of the year !	major awards - overall hino dealer of the year .	overall hino finance dealer of the year .
dandenong	major awards - market leader overall , dandenong pma , sales .
pma	major awards - market leader overall , dandenong pma , sales .
flashy	if you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy garnishes , this is not the place for you .
fussy	if you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy garnishes , this is not the place for you .	they require a lot of attention or they get fussy and tear stuff up .
garnishes	if you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy garnishes , this is not the place for you .
vetri	if you want perfectly executed simple dishes that feature a few exquisite ingredients , you 'll love vetri .
gnocchi	hands - down the best pasta and gnocchi i 've ever eaten ( and i 've eaten a lot ) .
antipasti	the antipasti were amazing , the wines were mind - blowing , the service could n't have been better .
dined	i 've dined at lots of high - end restaurants and i 've never before felt my money was so well spent .	then again , for the three of us who dined together , two pieces of flatbread left us fighting for more , and licking the hummus from our fingers ( and yes , those two pieces of flatbread did represent a three - person order ) .
washes	they have all kind of coupons available for car washes , oil changes , state inspection , etc .
peddle	but just this week a peddle broke .	so they were going to charge him for new peddles and proceeded to put them on without even telling him the price .
peddles	so they were going to charge him for new peddles and proceeded to put them on without even telling him the price .
rescheduling	instead of rescheduling they chose to waste my time instead .
!?!	" there 's no tracking mechanism in place " ?!?!?	is there no other verizon to go to around downtown / dupont circle 1?!?!?	so what was the point of the appointment !?!	will someone plz help me it 's due wensday !?!?! :(
?!?	" there 's no tracking mechanism in place " ?!?!?	is there no other verizon to go to around downtown / dupont circle 1?!?!?	to just come over and hang out ?!?	i 'm no detective but ... uhh ... seriously ?!?	will someone plz help me it 's due wensday !?!?! :(
balazick	i was looking to bring a customer to their lot to buy a car but the internet salesperson last name is balazick sent me this email " and if it was worth my time i would of bothered aswering your questions .
aswering	i was looking to bring a customer to their lot to buy a car but the internet salesperson last name is balazick sent me this email " and if it was worth my time i would of bothered aswering your questions .
brokers	i make money not deal with brokers " wow , can you believe in today s tough times this dealership would be looking for any way to move vehicles .
plugs	they said it was " plugs and wires " and quoted me $ 330 to do the work , including parts .
windsheild	those things ended up being a windsheild washer fluid tank ( 1 screw ) and the air filter canister ( 4 spring clips ) .
washer	those things ended up being a windsheild washer fluid tank ( 1 screw ) and the air filter canister ( 4 spring clips ) .
canister	those things ended up being a windsheild washer fluid tank ( 1 screw ) and the air filter canister ( 4 spring clips ) .
outback	my girlfriend and i took a chance on this place because we did n't want to wait in line at outback .	i 've spoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt canadian outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help them .
immaculately	# 1 it s immaculately clean .
tasteful	# 2 the decor is tasteful and artistic , from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures .... and ( most importantly ) # 3 the food is fantastic .
expertly	this is authentic cuban cuisine ; fresh ingredients expertly prepared and seasoned perfectly .
ruona	i came in and saw dr. ruona about a month ago for quitting smoking .	dr. ruona , if you read this , thank you for helping me get more healthy .
quitting	i came in and saw dr. ruona about a month ago for quitting smoking .	dan i for one was very happy to hear about your quitting smoking .
saltford	signs of saltford - an excellent supplier of value for money signs and banners etc .	i have been a friend and customer of signs of saltford for well over 12 years now and i also became their website supplier some 3 years ago .
endevour	tina is the driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates .
wa.	hello my name is vera and i 'm writing a review about my own counseling practice in bellevue , wa. and in renton wa .
renton	hello my name is vera and i 'm writing a review about my own counseling practice in bellevue , wa. and in renton wa .
approachable	i offer compassionate , approachable and personalized counseling services .
nonjudgmental	my style is compassionate , nonjudgmental , and caring .
www.veraakulov.com	please visit my website to learn more about my practice at www.veraakulov.com .
petting	it 's only $ 10 and in essence just one big petting zoo .
lambs	we took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when ( very harshly i might add ) grabbing and ' kissed ' the goats and lambs .
pony's	among the animals that were available to touch were pony's , camels and even an ostrich !!!
camels	among the animals that were available to touch were pony's , camels and even an ostrich !!!
ostrich	among the animals that were available to touch were pony's , camels and even an ostrich !!!
karla	i ca n't say enough good things about karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog gracee .	karla ferguson - granger	the owner karla is welcoming and fun .
gracee	i ca n't say enough good things about karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog gracee .	gracee is more excited to see her than she is to see me !!!!	she has always been there for gracee even for last minute calls !	she has taken care of my sweet girl for almost 4 years now and i would not let gracee go with anyone besides her !!!
punctual	she is caring , punctual , and very enthusiastic about her job !
wunderbar	you should give her a try - it 's worth every penny to know that you pet is in great hands with wunderbar pet sitting !!!!
nonexistent	1 ) service and manners were nonexistent .
argumentative	2 ) the employees constantly talk down to customers and are very argumentative for the sake of being argumentative .
rudeness	( to both myself and customers ) 3 ) i have never experienced so much rudeness coming from a business .	somewhere in between his rudeness he asked if we smoked .	i finally alerted him to his rudeness .	the equipment and classes are n't good enough to deal with the rudeness from the staff !!!
unorganized	4 ) the business is very unorganized .
mimmy	the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful and the owner , mimmy , is an absolute angel .
buddakan	buddakan inevitably attracts the majority of its guests simply because of its association with steven starr , but that does n't impress me .
over-priced	the angry lobster was completely over-priced !
filler	$ 80 for a dish that has about one small lobster tail and is full of filler vegetables !
varietal	also , if you are into wine , alto has the depth of both region , varietal , and vintage to satisfy nearly any sommelier ( or after 9 pm , bring your own bottle for free ... no corking fee ! ) .
sommelier	also , if you are into wine , alto has the depth of both region , varietal , and vintage to satisfy nearly any sommelier ( or after 9 pm , bring your own bottle for free ... no corking fee ! ) .
corking	also , if you are into wine , alto has the depth of both region , varietal , and vintage to satisfy nearly any sommelier ( or after 9 pm , bring your own bottle for free ... no corking fee ! ) .
condominiums	i have lived in buckingham condominiums townhouse for 2 years .
townhouse	i have lived in buckingham condominiums townhouse for 2 years .
exterminator	and the exterminator is very nice , also .
b****	she is a pure b**** !!!
approves	if he does know and approves of this behavior then it is a poor reflection on him .
wildernest	www - wonderful wild wildernest inn	i would give the wildernest inn ten stars of five !
unparalleled	atop spring mountain , from the decks of the west porch , " one can see forever " a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeur .
grandeur	atop spring mountain , from the decks of the west porch , " one can see forever " a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeur .
mingle	and most correctly , us visitors did not mingle with the native wildlife .
proprietors	kathy and stewart , the proprietors were the epitome of perfection .
epitome	kathy and stewart , the proprietors were the epitome of perfection .
hospitable	delightful , hospitable , superb , cozy and comfortable .	this is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant , which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need , and i 'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable .	they were amazingly hospitable .
junkie	junkie lube ?!	i am a music junkie that grew up in the 80's , and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960's .
lube	junkie lube ?!	really weird place , i was driving home from work thought i 'd stop in for an oil change and well , there are a few guys in jiffy lube uniforms sitting at the table drinking beers and shooting the breeze .
jiffy	really weird place , i was driving home from work thought i 'd stop in for an oil change and well , there are a few guys in jiffy lube uniforms sitting at the table drinking beers and shooting the breeze .
drunkest	the neon lighting sign still said " on " yet some guy who seemed to be the oldest of the bunch , more like the drunkest of the bunch told me they 'd be open tomorrow .
someon	if someone committed a crime against humanity , prosecute the person .	they needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in cia files on wilson .	and i thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations , particularly in the context of something as serious as a us senatorial campaign , by talking about their drinking the night before .	the wikipedia entry for aerocom is just a stub .. waiting for someone to put some information into it ....	can a policeman open fire on someone trying to kill him ?	do you shoot back at someone trying to kill you , standing deliberately behind a group of children ?	suppose , for the sake of discussion , that someone would openly stay in a well - known address in teheran , hosted by the iranian government and financed by it , executing one atrocity after another in spain or in france , killing hundreds of innocent people , accepting responsibility for the crimes , promising in public tv interviews to do more of the same , while the government of iran issues public condemnations of his acts but continues to host him , invite him to official functions and treat him as a great dignitary .	international law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones , stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a government .	" the prophet 's guidance , " says michael scheuer , an al - qaeda analyst who recently retired from the cia and once headed its bin laden unit , " was always , before you attack someone , warn them very clearly ... " the anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in january 1997 to newspaper branches in washington , d.c. and new york city , as well as symbolic targets .	that would require someone who had access to the strain .	i now understand that someone at ena / enron mexico / enron wholesale has signed an epc contract with abb for this project .	i believe someone called about this today , but mr. lay asked me to let you know that these dates do n't work for him , either .	if not , is there someone else that will ?	it is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who does n't know anything about it and get them to initial it .	either fax or someone else works fine .	if not , is there someone else that will ?	if this is the case i would like someone to walk me through june to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on june 29 that was not adjusted for .	if this is the case i would like someone to walk me through june to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on june 29 that was not adjusted for .	do we have someone who is watching this out there ?	is it someone on your team or someone from cec ?	also , please let me know , by email , the names and contact information of other managers within enron who might benefit from having someone with my qualifications in their group .	as a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk yesterday , could someone develop a comprehensive list identifying all omnibus attachments ?	could someone in your group please give me a notional non binding basis differential for this quality of crude for cal 2003 ?	as you can see it will take someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationships .	it will also require someone who is fairly mature in their own spiritual journey .	if you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and / or send me their resume .	as i mentioned , please let me know when it is ready , and i will send someone to pick it up .	i guess if you are someone not familiar with how nasa benefits our society i can see how one might form the opinion of yheggy - ga .	it also is likely people have released some of these animals into the wild hoping they would survive -- for instance , a ranger in glacier park caught someone in this very act not long ago .	what i heard was the mayor of new orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save / gain money ? :o	nobody pays someone to keep their horse in shape and rides once a week , then takes all the ribbons at the show because their horse is good .
bouncy	while there was n't too much available for their age ( ball pit , bouncy area and a little padded pyramid to climb on ) , we went right when they opened at 10 am on a winter weekday and ended up being the only ones there , so we were given a little more liberty than we would have if others had been there .
classiest	it 's not the classiest place , but it was cleaner than i expected and the staff was very friendly .
monotony	for $ 4 it was a nice break from the monotony of winter indoors with a toddler .
toddler	for $ 4 it was a nice break from the monotony of winter indoors with a toddler .
mechaincs	restored my faith in mechaincs .
wenatchee	after a train ride over the mountains , we enjoyed hiking in the flower - filled wenatchee hills ( in may ) and a very interesting bike ride in a loop around the columbia river ... and then wine if we wanted it on the patio in the evening ....
omg	omg	omg .. make sure to book a reservation , as this magical place is packed ( in a nice way ) i love that the owner walks around and cares how his customers feel about their food .
waiters	the waiters are like no other ...
worht	my waiter was so excellent i gave him a 75 % tip , and it was worht every penny ..
bowel	the food was finger licking the bowel fantastic ..
phat	i just discovered her has a place right near my work ( color me phat ) if you are looking for a romatic place with the best food and service in the valley giovanni ristorante should be your number 1 + 2 choice .
romatic	i just discovered her has a place right near my work ( color me phat ) if you are looking for a romatic place with the best food and service in the valley giovanni ristorante should be your number 1 + 2 choice .
ristorante	i just discovered her has a place right near my work ( color me phat ) if you are looking for a romatic place with the best food and service in the valley giovanni ristorante should be your number 1 + 2 choice .
truely	holly is truely the best hairstylist !	i personally have had wonderful service and if you re truely looking for a family practice ... warner family is the place for you .
hairstylist	holly is truely the best hairstylist !
reffered	i have lived in the utc la jolla area for many years , and i never new this salon was here until a friend reffered me to see holly here .
blowdry	i got highlights , haircut , and a blowdry .
compliments	my hair looks amazing , and i get compliments all the time .	we have had nothing but compliments on our bathroom when guest come over - who would have guessed that one ?	i use them for my restaurant and always get compliments on the sleek look of the mac system not to mention how good the support is .
deffenitly	i deffenitly reccomend this salon and holly to anyone .
waffle	it had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels .
trinidadian	i was born and raised in toronto , which has a huge west indian ( trinidadian , jamaican , etc ) population .
patties	so huge in fact , that toronto slang is influenced by and has jamaican references , and jamaican beef patties are staples in my high school cafeteria .
connoisseur	anyway , i was practically raised on this stuff , and being a connoisseur of west indian cuisine , jamaica way is a bit toned down to suit the american palette .
astounding	the trees were in magnificent shape and the variety was astounding .	although i 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , i 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !
tussey	thanks tussey mountain tree plantation !
nomenal	the facilities are more than adequate and the staff are just phenomenal .	pho - nomenal !!
seperates	all of the pho places taste the same to me , so what seperates one from the other is the service and the price .
debit	remember to bring cash since they do n't take debit or credit .
mcinnis	had a horrible experience with a manager here , rachel mcinnis , she was rude , inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly ...
inconsiderate	had a horrible experience with a manager here , rachel mcinnis , she was rude , inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly ...
dillards	i normally do n't write reviews but seeing that i considered dillards a distinguished , upscale place to shop , this one wo n't be getting my business , nor my family 's , nor my co-workers .
transformational	i work as a transformational life coach .	" it 's not cost - effective doing station flights while at the same time focusing on getting back to the moon , " says brett alexander , vice-president of transformational space , one of the companies hoping to launch astronauts to the iss .
lisenced	since this is an alternative therapy i always refer clients to a lisenced therapist when i feel that is appropriate .
brickell	when i arrived at brickell honda on 6/4/11 , i was greeted and attended to by the sales manager , gustavo guerra , in a very friendly and professional manner .	brickell honda has been the best buying experience in the world .
6/4/11	when i arrived at brickell honda on 6/4/11 , i was greeted and attended to by the sales manager , gustavo guerra , in a very friendly and professional manner .
braman	i explained to him what i wanted and that i previously went to braman honda .
bramen	bramen honda was a bit of a hassle .
hassles	mr. guerra gave me a better deal without any hassles nor any type of problems .
parishioners	i urge all st. thomas the apostle parishioners and all of south florida residents to come see gus !!!
unneccesary	eagle transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $ 400 !!
diagnose	when she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease the doctor gave her 13 years to live .	our first diagnosed epm horse was back when there was no treatment in the us and only an experimental chicken feed additive in canada .	i brought a car in to have the " check engine " light diagnosed back in march of 2010 .	and it was great that they did not charge a service fee to diagnose the problem - an added bonus !!	they told me that this is not under warranty and want to charge me $ 175 just to diagnose the problem !
condescending	the next time you feel like being condescending to someone , it is not going to be me !!!!!!
prideful	dr. shady is inexperienced and prideful .
untrue	beautifully written reviews doctor , but completely untrue .
ghassemlou	i did not have a good experience w / dr. ghassemlou .
assuage	i think he could 've done more to assuage my concerns by giving me concrete facts .
combative	it 's pretty combative actually .
fusions	with these fusions , chiropractric is n't as successful , but it still is very helpful .	even after my fusions , my back continued to hurt , but now it does n't hurt any more .
chiropractric	with these fusions , chiropractric is n't as successful , but it still is very helpful .
barros	i would encourage anyone who is thinking of back surgery , to talk about different treatment options first with dr. de barros .
unbelievably	unbelievably huge experience for such a small salon !!!
cheveux	i have been to kim at cheveux for more than five years .	thanks cheveux !
quaint	quaint , lovely , small salon with big personality .
endo	i also think the national endowment for the arts is a waste , but i guess i would rather see my money go to the nea than nasa .	my family loves coming to endo sushi . they are very nice , it is never crowded , and the food is wonderful , very delicious and fresh !	if you can not park in the lot , then you can park in the shopping center 's garage , and walk up to endo sushi .
storefront	sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is never overcrowded .
unprofessional	rude , unprofessional , just jerks .	i would never recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this is based solely on the owner 's own unprofessionalism .	very rude and unprofessional .
jerks	rude , unprofessional , just jerks .	he also told me that he worked on the cast of will and grace and that they were all jerks .
carless	missed a whole day of work because i am now carless .
neeeeeeeeeverrrr	i will neeeeeeeeeverrrr go to this place again .
funerals	the flowers were all that i hoped they would be , i have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers i recieved from ana outshone them all .
outshone	the flowers were all that i hoped they would be , i have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers i recieved from ana outshone them all .
superbly	she is so talented , the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately , it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others .
hairdresser	i 'm 22 , and my hairdresser was great ( and not " old " like one of the reviews says ) - she really listened to what i wanted and gave me tons of tips on how to style my hair so i could get it to look the way i wanted it to .	cecile is a hairdresser and has just moved into the neighbourhood .
smoker	smoker s haven
leaky	our bathroom fan , one electric outlet and 2 leaky sinks have yet to be fixed .
thrashed	both bathrooms look like they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up .
non-smokers	and non-smokers beware !!!
smokers	and non-smokers beware !!!	i think 90 percent of the tenants are smokers !	i think they 're still in the mindset from when it was only smokers sitting around and drinking ... not in any hurry .
reeks	our unit reeks of old cigarette smoke and it started to become apparent a few weeks after we moved in .	love my home at creekside	i moved to creekside apartments in august 2008 with a 6 - month lease and have just extended it for another 13 months !
sanwiches	great sanwiches , great prices
meatball	i used to go here almost every day since i work in the neighbourhood and loved their turkey and meatball sandwiches .
tgif	this is n't a tgif or cafe , it s a lunch sandwich place and a good one at that .
hotpot	might as well just hotpot the curb and rate the traffic light .
chrisssake	it 's a bloody church , for chrisssake !
churchy	go there on christian holidays for a bit of churchy grandure .
grandure	go there on christian holidays for a bit of churchy grandure .
'60s	he had a robe that was made back in the '60s .
aunte	the vaunted american military has suffered 2,210 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded from this form of warfare .	two vaunted economists - one a nobel prize winner and the other a nationally renowned budget expert - have analyzed the data at hand and put a price tag on the iraq occupation .	it 's historical for sf , so when your aunte comes for a visit , take her there .
kiddies	great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth ( do n't forget to tell 'em it s really a ' pagen ' thing ! ) .
'em	great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth ( do n't forget to tell 'em it s really a ' pagen ' thing ! ) .
pagen	great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth ( do n't forget to tell 'em it s really a ' pagen ' thing ! ) .
chineze	i mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to see new york .
sice	but sice we almost just slept there i ca nt give that good of a review
woodinville	i googled garage door repair in woodinville and found ndi - johnette answered the phone and was oh - so pleasant and helpful !	roger m. , woodinville
ndi	moon landing hoax : church = technology & government - shuttle carried on aircraft model	i googled garage door repair in woodinville and found ndi - johnette answered the phone and was oh - so pleasant and helpful !	i would highly recommend ndi - and will spread the word to my neighbors .	when you first come in the hostess is not very friendly , there is just a bunch of workers standing there .
johnette	i googled garage door repair in woodinville and found ndi - johnette answered the phone and was oh - so pleasant and helpful !	thanks dan and johnette for your responsiveness and professional service .
appologized	she sort of appologized for dan taking the day off to go skiing - but he could do the repair on sunday !
responsiveness	thanks dan and johnette for your responsiveness and professional service .
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	real christian of you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	so go and get dancing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	the teaching there sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	all of the teachers there are so mean they get mad at you for nothing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nordstrom	i could easily go to nordstrom for my designer jeans and pay the same price , but i go to the garment district for their service .
pushy	previous reviewers said they were pushy and i can understand that , but i find the staff more helpful than anything else .
completly	to start we tried the guacamole and salsa verde , it was completly flavorless .	it was n't completly impossible !!!!
flavorless	to start we tried the guacamole and salsa verde , it was completly flavorless .
orderd	we orderd our meals anyway , chimichangas , jalapeno borritos , and quesadillas .
chimichangas	we orderd our meals anyway , chimichangas , jalapeno borritos , and quesadillas .
jalapeno	we orderd our meals anyway , chimichangas , jalapeno borritos , and quesadillas .
borritos	we orderd our meals anyway , chimichangas , jalapeno borritos , and quesadillas .
quesadillas	we orderd our meals anyway , chimichangas , jalapeno borritos , and quesadillas .
hacienda	i recommend la hacienda
veggie	we feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day , but it 's nothing that a rabbit would n't be able to digest just fine .	also try green leafy veggies , like kale and spinach .	pros : * jill , the owner , is very nice and really cares about her feedback * pretty nice atmosphere * great dessert * not your typical veggie selection , i like !	they do n't just dump your ingredients on and cook either , but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush .	the selection of meats , veggies and sauces is awesome too !	they offer a large variety of quality hotdogs and hamburgers they also offer veggie dogs .
overcooked	cons : * server was n't very pleasant * pretty small portion on the blackened catfish * overcooked food * time , took about 25 minutes from ordering to eating .
tasty	their club sandwich looks tasty , maybe that 'll change my mind .... and a different server .	the warm chocolate cake was very tasty , but served at room temperature , not warm by any stretch of the imagination .	but one should not go here expecting something fantastic , unless perhaps you 've never had middle - eastern food before , or succulent duck , tasty lamb , decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts .	it 's fresh and really tasty .	the chicken cordon - blu was tasty and came in a huge portion size for the money .	soooo tasty !	i live in the neighborhood and this place is one of my favorites for a tasty , quick and inexpensive meal .
painless	after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible .	i never wait in the waiting room more than two minutes and the cleanings are quick and painless .
misinform	they will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves .	they make up excuses in hopes to confuse their policy holders with misinformation .
misrepresent	they will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves .
misinformation	they make up excuses in hopes to confuse their policy holders with misinformation .
premiums	as an example they took payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan premiums for a yearly policy and cancelled the contract for the remainder of the policy for reasons they stated was not receiving information on other licensed drivers in the household ?
glitch	i personally provided the request on four separate occasions and they claim there is a glitch in their systems ?
ifa	ifa is an acronym for i m a f%#king assh@%$e !!!
f%#king	ifa is an acronym for i m a f%#king assh@%$e !!!
assh@%$e	ifa is an acronym for i m a f%#king assh@%$e !!!
shopped	i shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage .
mileage	i shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage .
creekside	love my home at creekside	i moved to creekside apartments in august 2008 with a 6 - month lease and have just extended it for another 13 months !
bascom	although the apartments are facing stokes street and close to the bascom light rail , the location is surprisingly quiet .
remodel	i interviewed several contractors for a kitchen remodel .	the best part is i got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other compan's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures .	best money i 've spent on remodeling ever .
cranmore	cranmore dental and implant clinic : i could not recommend dr david nelson enough .
phobia	a word about the millions of decent , honest , good people who are either devout moslems or are not very religious but grew up in moslem families : they are double victims of an outside world , which now develops islamophobia , and of their own environment which breaks their heart by being totally dysfunctional .	i had a severe phobia of attending the dentist until i met and was treated by dr nelson .
instantaneously	he instantaneously put me at ease and his ongoing treatments have been absolutely pain free .
underpinned	in addition to the core treatment , dr nelson has impressed me further with his concern and interest in the well - being of his patients - his dental work underpinned by a strong duty of care to every patient .
gillies	pam gillies
hehehe	best salsa ( hehehe )
trimmers	very affordable ( do n't call it cheap ) and their trimmers were quick and courteous when i got home from work .	i v just had my bmw z3 rear window replaced by the guys at kelvin trimmers .
sub-division	we live in the sub-division around the corner and after it happened and we brought it up at some neighborhood gatherings we discovered that several people from this neighborhood alone had pets go to dr. mann for surgical procedures and came back dead .
anesthetic	if you take him here for shots , no big deal but i would never let this man apply anesthetic to my pet ever again .
audacity	oh , they also charged me for the procedure ( $ 250 ) and had the audacity to charge me a $ 25 ' disposal ' fee .
itemized	they actually itemized it as a disposal fee .
opinon	what are your suggestions and opinons ?	in my opinon this place should be shut down by the health inspector , and anyone who is satisfied with there service and food has never eaten at a real asian restaurant .
bna	i am waiting longer at bna for my pickups and last time i parked with them , they lost my car key .	however , with bna offering one day of free parking due to construction of the new rental car facility , it may be cheaper to park at bna .
pickups	i am waiting longer at bna for my pickups and last time i parked with them , they lost my car key .
ammount	huge ammount of time wasted time and elevated blood pressure .
mislabeled	they offer sales that are n't really sales , mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it is n't , a bad attitude about return items , and on and on .
ukrops	on the other hand , the richmond ukrops chain is known for its charity work , its community action , and its interest in the public welfare .
mimosas	oh , and their liquor license was expired so no bloody mary or mimosas .
compan's	the best part is i got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other compan's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures .
remodeling	best money i 've spent on remodeling ever .
holderness	the award dance centre has moved from its holderness road site to a new complex on chamberlain road hull .
pre-owned	i purchased a 2 - year old certified pre-owned bmw from this dealership .	i sent my wife and daughter over to check out a pre-owned 2009 xf .	10 minutes of paperwork and i was the owner of a beautiful pre-owned 09 xf .
leakage	the night i drove back home , i found that the rear window has some leakage .
timings	surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that i mattered and was important to them .
perfectionist	my dental surgeon , dr. lucy nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established .
bj	the american people were not having any of it , and elected richard nixon to fix the mess lbj had made ( not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding ) .	i had my wedding luncheon at this bj s restaurant , and it was one of the best choices that i made .	i really appreciate bj s for making that special day even better with their wonderful food and service .
ohm	i went to ohm after reading some of the reviews .
stylist	holly is truely the best hairstylist !	sierra was my stylist and i love what she did .	i had this ridiculous celebrity stylist from la named derrick .	the other stylists around me kept pressuring me saying he 's so wonderful , you 're going to love your hair .	also very friendly and the stylists are not in the " been there / done that " mood !
nye	the meal was extremely overpriced and lacked flavor , especially for being a special nye menu .	the limited menu had few appetizing options and the nye special packages were way overpriced .
appetizing	the limited menu had few appetizing options and the nye special packages were way overpriced .
rectified	first room had used tissues next to the bed and i requested it be rectified .
mould	i was then moved to another room around the back where the room was dirty , the shower was dirty with other people s hair in it , the toilet seat was peeling and rough and the bathroom was full of mould .	how to prepare a silicon rubber mould for human statue of size 375 mm in height ?
fusionretail	before using fusionretail before installing fusionretail store was running on a dos based software .	how fusionretail has overcome these issues ?	fusionretail helps us to maintain the store in an organised way .
pos	and that is why all americans should oppose the nomination of samuel alito .	***** directions for how to post to news groups !!! *****	this is the cage i have whhich is pretty much impossible to escape from :	oh , they also charged me for the procedure ( $ 250 ) and had the audacity to charge me a $ 25 ' disposal ' fee .	they actually itemized it as a disposal fee .	stay away as far as possible .	managing pos counter without barcoding was really a tough time .	hmmm ... a person can not call a company , if you have no idea its name ( since the designer is unknown ... supposedly ) , and order a gown without a dress name or style number .	best pos system in philadelphia ?	prosperity pos makes the best pos systems .
barcoding	managing pos counter without barcoding was really a tough time .
barcodes	usage of product barcodes and smooth maintenance of inventory with proper recording of transactions like sale , purchase and returns was never easy before .
queries	billing takes 15 minutes and back office jobs takes 1 day 's training how fast your support queries get answered ?
b&b	this is by far the best b&b that we have ever stayed at !	we can not wait to go back to santa fe and to this great b&b ... especially my 4 year old , who made friends with ms. sue and all the ladies , and has talked about them since we left !	b&b came out very quickly to give us our quote back in june .
paradero	we were in santa fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the el paradero for all their guests to stay at .	we would highly recommend the el paradero on your next trip to santa fe !
disatisfied	disatisfied customer , i went through kitchen aid and used one of their recommended vendors .
a&e	a&e came out , charged $ 129 fee just to walk in the door .	the second vendor charged $ 55 ( less than half of what a&e charges ) to come and applied that to the price of the repair service ( which a&e does not ) .	their quote came in at half the price of a&e for the same work and same part .	seems to me like a&e charges way more than necessary !
appliance	i love it for discounted beauty items and household appliances .	i needed a part for my appliance , the cost was very high so i said never mind , paid the fee and called a local business for a second quote .	great place to use the fix appliances plumbing air conditioning & electric problems .
pre-screened	very disappointed in kitchen aid as well , i thought that they pre-screened their vendors for price and quality of work , obviously they do not !
cayuga	lovely nails on cayuga st. in lewiston , ny
lewiston	lovely nails on cayuga st. in lewiston , ny	i was very excited that a salon was opening in lewiston , as i live in youngstown .
cuticles	he also hurt my toes will pushing my cuticles back .
mins.	if the pedicure lasted 20 mins. , that was a stretch .
infertility	andrew was helpful and knowledgeable about acupuncture re : infertility .
croissants	a great breakfast which was included every morning until 9:30 am ; yummy fresh parisian croissants .
gare	it is next to gare du nord and a five minute walk to sacre coeur which is excellent for shopping .	yes storage for your luggages is still available at gare montparnasse .
sacre	juan cole ( www.juancole.com ) is a professor of modern middle east history at the university of michigan and author of " sacred space and holy war " ( i.b. tauris , 2002 ) .	it is next to gare du nord and a five minute walk to sacre coeur which is excellent for shopping .
coeur	it is next to gare du nord and a five minute walk to sacre coeur which is excellent for shopping .
autos	just autos thank you !	so yes , i would n't hesitate in recommending the team at just autos for easy professional car repairs , thank you just autos for your help .
recommending	so yes , i would n't hesitate in recommending the team at just autos for easy professional car repairs , thank you just autos for your help .
sampler	i had a sampler of ipa , brawler , love stout & esa .	after my sampler & sandwich , i asked for a pint of there nitrogen love stout , i must say i was impressed , with the great taste & i am a guiness lover so coming from me , i think this is better , it s less dry & smoother !
brawler	i had a sampler of ipa , brawler , love stout & esa .
dogwood	all were awesome , & i had a dogwood grilled cheese which was enjoyable with the fine beers .
grilled	all were awesome , & i had a dogwood grilled cheese which was enjoyable with the fine beers .
pint	please do not hesitate to contact either francisco pinto - leite , senior counsel ( 713/345-7942 ; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com ) or me with any questions or comments .	after my sampler & sandwich , i asked for a pint of there nitrogen love stout , i must say i was impressed , with the great taste & i am a guiness lover so coming from me , i think this is better , it s less dry & smoother !	how many ounces in a pint in ireland ?	ounces measure weight , pints measure volume .	an irish pint is larger than a us one .	know this well because i remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .
guiness	after my sampler & sandwich , i asked for a pint of there nitrogen love stout , i must say i was impressed , with the great taste & i am a guiness lover so coming from me , i think this is better , it s less dry & smoother !
smoother	after my sampler & sandwich , i asked for a pint of there nitrogen love stout , i must say i was impressed , with the great taste & i am a guiness lover so coming from me , i think this is better , it s less dry & smoother !
abou	and there is nothing we can do about it really , people who are suggesting that we go out and fight them are living in dream land .	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .	this is not a post about fault - finding or assigning blame .	there is a lot to learn about chernobyl .	these links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called chernobyl :	do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to hirsohima & nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in chernobyl .......	what do the new al - qaeda videotape and audio speeches of bin laden and ayman al - zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization ?	because the us and pakistan have managed to capture or kill about 2 / 3s of the top 25 al - qaeda commanders , the middle managers are not in close contact with al - zawahiri and bin laden .	hiller asked , inquiring about gen. pervaiz musharraf , who seized control of the country october 12 .	bush , in answering the question about the leader of pakistan , also said : " the new pakistani general , he 's just been elected -- not elected , this guy took over office .	" further , i find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly after voicing his public opposition to the comprehensive test ban treaty .	i still remember him stuttering about " the general , " unable to remember musharraf 's name .	he obviously had no idea what he was talking about , though he demonstrated a number of ill - fated instincts .	and , he did n't think he needed to know anything about south asia , with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the us .	so , one answer to bush 's charge about edwards is that if it had any merit , bush should have declined to run himself .	another answer is that edwards certainly knows far more about foreign affairs now than bush did then .	this is what edwards ' campaign literature said about his positions : " edwards believes that the u.s. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts , from reducing tensions between india and pakistan to the peace process in northern ireland .	he complained about the " visible lack of progress " and reaching an impasse in talks with both sides .	the reason for this is that india is emerging as an alternative investment destination to china , hence the favor that the generals in islamabad do to their trusty supplier of nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving india when in fact the real flashpoints are the taiwan straits and north korea .	some reporters ( you know , the ones with journalistic ethics ) have actually uncovered the truth about george bush 's service in the texas air national guard .	what do you really know about george w. bush 's time in the air national guard ?	in april - before the swift boat veterans had said a word - kerry said bush " has yet to explain to america whether or not , and tell the truth , about whether he showed up for duty . "	one remark made by sha'lan on al - arabiya tv , that he could n't say more about chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor .	authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about posada 's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug .	( ask terry nichols about the philippines . )	an embarrassment to the us still , just not as embarrassing as having the old killer strut about miami , gloating in his freedom .	police said bernard confessed to detectives that he had sex with a young girl in november 2002 and admitted to knowing about sexual acts involving children and a dog that occurred at hosanna church .	hey that 's a great blog , i also have a site about los angeles online dating	musharraf has always maintained that the us has never provided actionable intelligence about taliban leaders hiding in baluchistan .	us and afghan intelligence will shortly be presenting the isi with a list of taliban extremists and their suspected whereabouts .	iranian officials are deeply concerned about the us occupation of shindand , a massive soviet - era airbase just 30 kilometres from iran 's border .	the history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to bush 's character as an addictive personality , but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president .
'07	my wife had taken her '07 ford fusion in for a routine oil change .
sporadically	a couple days after the oil change , the engine ran rough , the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically , and the engine would whir loudly .
whir	a couple days after the oil change , the engine ran rough , the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically , and the engine would whir loudly .	it 's symptomatic , i suppose , of our fast - paced , 24 hour news - cycle lives , that the biggest short - term humanitarian crisis in the world would quickly be eclipsed , once our secretary of state was finished with his whirlwind tour , from the newspapers .
overcharge	dunn believes the resulting overcharges for electricity exceeded $ 30 billion .	robinson said the emergency order allowed the iso to secure refunds should overcharges for electricity be proven to federal officials .	a team of san diego 's best anti-trust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the electric generators and marketers in california state court in an effort to return the electricity overcharges that have battered san diego and the rest of california this year .	plus they will overcharge you for just about everything , and smile while doing it .	also , a week after the work , phet called me up to see how my car was running and to let me know that they had accidentally overcharged me for part of the work and wanted to give me a refund for that amount .
cruze	took my cruze in twice for poor fuel economy .
mpg	the first time they claimed to get reasonable mpg .	they still would not drive the car with me to show their mpg number .
9000	i brought it back with 9000 miles .
purchace	i will never purchace another vehicle from vic canever .
canever	i will never purchace another vehicle from vic canever .
seinfeld	if you like the drama described in popular sitcom ' seinfeld ' , you will see it here .
greeter	the greeter said there was about 15 minutes waiting .	i had to ask the greeter , he explained his reasons with broken english .
2:25	we waited until 2:25 pm and then left .
5.10	i understand not wanting to put labels like 5.10 on an indoor course , because yes , it is not the same , but some clear understanding of the difficulty of one course to another is nice when you are an intermediate climber looking to improve .
climber	i understand not wanting to put labels like 5.10 on an indoor course , because yes , it is not the same , but some clear understanding of the difficulty of one course to another is nice when you are an intermediate climber looking to improve .	again , a great outing for the kids , a frustration for an out of town climber .
dj's	best dj's in town !
1960's	i am a music junkie that grew up in the 80's , and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960's .
sirloin	in the past , i got a steak and there was more fat and rough pieces than there was good steak ( and this was the sirloin ! ) , the sides were drenched with butter and the salad was a little on the brown side .
roadhouse	texas roadhouse is way better !!
spay	spay and neuter service .
neuter	i have a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female kitten .	spay and neuter service .	but i had my cat spayed through their reduced / free spay and neuter program and the vet they sent us to was first of all a hour and a half away , and 4 days later we had to bring them to our normal vet because the vets at the place in wisconsin did a crappy job and they got infections .
ingrown	i had a routine surgery for an ingrown toenail .	it was an ingrown toenail .
toenail	i had a routine surgery for an ingrown toenail .	it was an ingrown toenail .
483.00	then i got a bill for $ 483.00 .
160.00	i eventually decided to just pay the balance even though the doctor has already been paid , but now the collection agency is trying to say another reversal of $ 160.00 has come through .
bilked	not only am i being bilked for money i do not owe , the office staff is rude to boot .
postcards	we have been blessed to find elite flyers online and would not use anyone else to handle our postcards , posters , etc .	i ordered 1000 postcards , we normally order 5000 or more .	sent scented flowers home instead of postcards .
sheisters	sheisters
mechanicly	their so called mechanic said the engine was good and " there is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck " .
catagory	well i think a blown engine falls under the catagory of mechanics right ?	i know it s in the wrong catagory , but still , i wrote this question for a reason , not for you to critisize me .
runaround	i called and got the same runaround on hold and noone calls you back .
standpoint	from a moral standpoint , you guys are really gon na take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know it s just a piece of scrap metal ?
grimy	grimy work you guys do .
stationery	best stationery store in bethesda
bethesda	best stationery store in bethesda
papeluna	papeluna , a cute mom / pop custom printing and paper store , just opened a few days ago .	i gave the woman i spoke with today a " you 've been yelped ! " card to let her know that yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about papeluna .
hustle	it is right on the hustle and bustle of wisconsin ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between subway sandwiches and modell 's .
bustle	it is right on the hustle and bustle of wisconsin ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between subway sandwiches and modell 's .
modell	it is right on the hustle and bustle of wisconsin ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between subway sandwiches and modell 's .
latte	and , he did n't think he needed to know anything about south asia , with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the us .	now that afghanistan , iraq and libya are out , two and a half terrorist states remain : iran , syria and lebanon , the latter being a syrian colony .	if the latter is the case , we could place both sara and elena in a specialist job group ( the salary range is 33 - 66 k ) .	the latter usually consider human beings a threat but the polar bear considers humans a snack , experts said .	yes i 've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good	but johnson was so obtuse he did n't understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter .	i also ordered the neptune platter which was awesome ... so this place gets 5 out of 5 stars .	i popped in after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at starbucks .	after complaining on september 10th to national home furnishings , boyles , the hickory furniture mart and home delivery service the latter finally called me back and said they would be up to pick the dresser and chest of drawers at some future point and at some later point it would be professional repaired and at some later point it would be returned .	wolfowitz contradicted counter-terrorism czar richard clarke when the latter spoke of the al - qaeda threat , insisting that the preeminent threat of terrorism against the us came from iraq , and indicating he accepted laurie mylroie 's crackpot conspiracy theory that saddam was behind the 1993 world trade towers bombing .	i had a rose named after me and i was very flattered .
yelped	i gave the woman i spoke with today a " you 've been yelped ! " card to let her know that yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about papeluna .
yelp	i gave the woman i spoke with today a " you 've been yelped ! " card to let her know that yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about papeluna .
craziest	the craziest part is that they are n't even based locally at the city i 'm in - they just have ' teams ' in areas through the country .
ltake	be warned - they 'll ltake you for everything they can .
panera	with a pizza hut , ihop , 3 starbucks , chili s , panera , and chipotle on campus alone , vcu has some of the best eating options for students .
chipotle	with a pizza hut , ihop , 3 starbucks , chili s , panera , and chipotle on campus alone , vcu has some of the best eating options for students .
vcu	with a pizza hut , ihop , 3 starbucks , chili s , panera , and chipotle on campus alone , vcu has some of the best eating options for students .	vcu has the # 1 art school in america , and excels in healthcare and medical schooling .	the rams , the vcu sports team , also made the ncaa final 4 this year , too !	vcu also offers high - rise living for students and professors , and the historic yet fixed - up houses in the fan are also available to students , professors , or even people wanting to live in a safe , viable community .	vcu is also minutes from downtown richmond , canal walk , carytown , stony point , short pump , and the vcu medical center .
excels	vcu has the # 1 art school in america , and excels in healthcare and medical schooling .
carytown	vcu is also minutes from downtown richmond , canal walk , carytown , stony point , short pump , and the vcu medical center .
campsite	my boyfriend and i were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by drunken kids who 'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springs .
irate	the only way to fight this new " popular " weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas : the offensive way .	this unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling - out with his iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of kuwait , a wholly - owned u.s. - british subsidiary .	then , the next morning , when we , among many other irate guests , asked to speak to the owner , he refused to do so .
fhs	fhs is a good high school -- c / o 1998	the point is -- fhs gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college , but you need to work hard .
hoods	baghdadis do n't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more , you never know where you might get stuck .	only caucasians had any political power , corporate presence or owned businesses except for mom and pop stores in some neighborhoods .	i am a 20 something gay black male and i am looking for suggestions on neighborhoods close to the downtown toronto area .	we had relatively good facilities at the time -- decent science labs , with multiple hoods and access to good equipment ; nice gymnasiums , and a well - funded music department ( i was in the guitar ensemble ) .	i played dumb and asked him questions that i already knew the answers to and he responded with half truths and a few falsehoods .
gymnasiums	we had relatively good facilities at the time -- decent science labs , with multiple hoods and access to good equipment ; nice gymnasiums , and a well - funded music department ( i was in the guitar ensemble ) .
u.	this is what edwards ' campaign literature said about his positions : " edwards believes that the u.s. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts , from reducing tensions between india and pakistan to the peace process in northern ireland .	edwards is a strong supporter of israel , and believes that the u.s. has a vital role in promoting peace between the israelis and the palestinians . "	while most u.s. secretaries of state -- save perhaps dean rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with , few have been as brazen as colin powell .	realists , and this even includes members of the u.s. democratic foreign policy establishment such as strobe talbott , who have long sought to divest india of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in asia , understand the only feasible solution for kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo .	bill clinton understood this at the end of his term in office yet , under colin powell ( who appears to have an affinity for generals active in politics ) , the pendulum of u.s. policy has once again swung toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the valley of kashmir loose from india .	the overwhelming majority of muslims in kashmir would be happy with such an outcome , except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the u.s. state department and the pakistan army , which would like to even the score with india for their catastrophic defeat in bangladesh in 1971 .	the u.s. state department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences on kashmir and , in most of them , the solution that has emerged is a valley prized loose from indian control and under its own version of ibrahim rugova .	under president hu jintao , beijing has opened out to new delhi and prime minister wen jiabao is expected to visit early next year , making friends by formally accepting sikkim as part of india and backing india as a permanent member of the u.n. security council -- thus leaving washington as the only one of the " permanent five " that has not yet done so .	with colin powell around , the u.s. has no need of an osama bin laden	according to a report prepared by a committee of arab intellectuals and published under the auspices of the u.n. , the number of books translated by the entire arab world is much smaller than what little greece alone translates .	the u.s. and europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder , not the next one .	this conference will examine the business and regulatory challenges to u.s. electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under ferc 's rto initiatives .	5 . general colin powell , former chairman , joint chiefs of staff , u.s.a .	4 . alan greenspan , chairman , federal reserve , u.s.a .	3 . former u.s. president george bush	i 'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the u.t. games , i just have to find out when he wants to go ( as well as properly prepare him for the scott / kelley / parks / wild card gang and the full - day affair that is a u.t. game ) .	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste	jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives : finland , germany , norway , sweden , switzerland , the u.k , and the u.s. .	for banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. u.s. and u.k. branches ) .	lemelpe@nu.com	lemelpe@nu.com	lemelpe@nu.com	quebecker wins u.s. bravery award	u.s. industrialist andrew carnegie started a hero fund in 1904 after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster that killed 181 people .	the award comes with a $ 3,500 ( u.s. ) grant .	this unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling - out with his iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of kuwait , a wholly - owned u.s. - british subsidiary .	my father re-secured the petroleum assets of kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty - one billion u.s. dollars ( $ 61,000,000,000 ) .	on september 21 , 2004 , the u.s. senate appropriations committee approved $ 16.379 billion in funding for nasa for fiscal year 2005 .	u.s. senate committee on appropriations	china 's overtures to join the u.s. - led effort to develop the 16 - nation international space station have been thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues , including the asian country 's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat .	during the u.s. and russian lunar race during the cold war , nasa scored an early coup by circling the moon with the apollo 8 crew over the 1968 christmas holidays .	now get 6 u.s. $ 1.00 bills and place one inside of each of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope ( to prevent thievery ) .
vassar	if i remember , students went to dartmouth , u. penn , duke , bu , william and mary , vassar , howard , and carnegie mellon , among others .
homey	the rooms are so clean , the managers / owners are the nicest people , the place feels so homey , and the location and grounds are beautiful .
colada	i love cuban coffee , colada ... mmmm anyways i found this place and ca n't stop going there , i stop in at least once a week and anytime i 'm in the area for a cuban coffee or snack .
mmmm	hmmmmmm ....................	i agree , hmmmmmm .	so , hmmmm indeed .	well one day he said to me you know i do n't wear underwear as he was bent over working on my mare s right front hoof .. and i was like ummmm okay ???	i was like ummmm i can see your ass cheeks ... he was like oops did i forget my underwear ???	i love cuban coffee , colada ... mmmm anyways i found this place and ca n't stop going there , i stop in at least once a week and anytime i 'm in the area for a cuban coffee or snack .
bake	stephen.dyer@bakerbotts.com on 05/01/2001 08:50:01 pm	also you could use a stable rom like bugless beast and baked snake .	even if you buy a cake in a baker s you can not be too what happens in the kitchen , for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham .	cafes and restaurants rarely use the same cutlery for different food groups anyway , they normally have blue for bakery items , red for cooked meat , brown for raw meat , etc - all for food preparation and hygiene policies .	i 'm hoping the bakers continue to do their baking out of another place , because it would be a shame not to have these cakes any longer .	got some nice " freshly baked " fruit squares , a personal favorite of mine .	they bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way i like it , and the meat is always fresh .	it was my birthday and i had a last minute idea to have a bakery cake instead of one pre-made in a convenience store , but the problem was it was the day before valentine s and when many bakeries turned me down for a plain vanilla rectangle cake , fiona stepped up to the plate and was able to make a fantastic beautiful cake .	the owner / baker , " pie guy " is a hoot to deal with as well .
plantains	they have a great lunch special with your choice of meat , chicken , steak , or pork and rice and black beans and fried plantains .
pastries	i can not describe how delicious the mango and cheese pastries and the omelets are to die for .
omelets	i can not describe how delicious the mango and cheese pastries and the omelets are to die for .
rosette	very frustrating for a restaurant that has 1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service ... hmm there was no canape's or amuse to keep us occupied , once we complained about the wait they took us something to nibble on but that took us getting out our chairs and wondering round to do that and it was impossible to get anyone s attention .
canape's	very frustrating for a restaurant that has 1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service ... hmm there was no canape's or amuse to keep us occupied , once we complained about the wait they took us something to nibble on but that took us getting out our chairs and wondering round to do that and it was impossible to get anyone s attention .
amuse	it was an extremely amusing episode , watching chalabi looking smug and amused , contrasted with sha'lan , all serious and barely keeping himself from swearing .	also , do n't forget to try out korea 's famous amusement parks ! : lotte world , everland , and carribbean bay !	very frustrating for a restaurant that has 1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service ... hmm there was no canape's or amuse to keep us occupied , once we complained about the wait they took us something to nibble on but that took us getting out our chairs and wondering round to do that and it was impossible to get anyone s attention .	i mean , that 's the way it works at amusement parks : the longest lines are at the best rides .
nibble	very frustrating for a restaurant that has 1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service ... hmm there was no canape's or amuse to keep us occupied , once we complained about the wait they took us something to nibble on but that took us getting out our chairs and wondering round to do that and it was impossible to get anyone s attention .
scallops	scallops were overcooked and the foie gras was cold but the rest of the food was lovely .
foie	scallops were overcooked and the foie gras was cold but the rest of the food was lovely .	we decided to try this place last night because we noticed that it had some interesting things on the menu aside from the usual rolls -- live scallop sashimi , duck breast nigiri with foie gras , panko mussels -- but none of these were particularly great or worth the sticker price .
gras	our waiter quickly grasped the fact that i like ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife 's taste ran to lemonade and less spicy fare .	scallops were overcooked and the foie gras was cold but the rest of the food was lovely .	we decided to try this place last night because we noticed that it had some interesting things on the menu aside from the usual rolls -- live scallop sashimi , duck breast nigiri with foie gras , panko mussels -- but none of these were particularly great or worth the sticker price .	what they wonder is whether google can be anything more than what it 's always been -- a great search engine with some real grass - roots support , successful by the grace of simplicity .	not sure , but i assume that the bluegrass songbook is mine .	pat had told me before he left that it would help me better grasp the process as a whole .
vegetarians	they always ask if you have meat in your dish , ( for vegetarians like me ) , they scrub an area of the grill and use separate utensils to cook .
mush	they do n't just dump your ingredients on and cook either , but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush .	expect either undercooked or mushy food and lackluster service .
meats	the selection of meats , veggies and sauces is awesome too !	great meats that are already cooked , easy to take home for dinner .
sauces	the selection of meats , veggies and sauces is awesome too !	make sure to put oily sauces on your food to make it moist !
4.99	prices are reasonable , ( kid s meals are around 4.99 ) and wednesday's they have discount dinner prices , i believe .
wednesday's	prices are reasonable , ( kid s meals are around 4.99 ) and wednesday's they have discount dinner prices , i believe .
pre-made	it was my birthday and i had a last minute idea to have a bakery cake instead of one pre-made in a convenience store , but the problem was it was the day before valentine s and when many bakeries turned me down for a plain vanilla rectangle cake , fiona stepped up to the plate and was able to make a fantastic beautiful cake .
bakeries	it was my birthday and i had a last minute idea to have a bakery cake instead of one pre-made in a convenience store , but the problem was it was the day before valentine s and when many bakeries turned me down for a plain vanilla rectangle cake , fiona stepped up to the plate and was able to make a fantastic beautiful cake .
rectangle	it was my birthday and i had a last minute idea to have a bakery cake instead of one pre-made in a convenience store , but the problem was it was the day before valentine s and when many bakeries turned me down for a plain vanilla rectangle cake , fiona stepped up to the plate and was able to make a fantastic beautiful cake .
frosting	not only did it taste wonderful , but the texture was unbelievable , the frosting was n't overly sweet to over power the cake , and the cake itself was just amazingly soft , and fluffy , and just perfect overall .
cravings	before treatment , my food cravings were " out of control " which caused me to be stressed out .
liau	what i like most about dr. liau is that she is very caring .	i am so glad to have found dr. liau .
multiplex	for a long time , one big source of entertainment missing from the richmond city limits was a first - run multiplex .
bowtie	bowtie has filled that role nicely .	the owners of bowtie manged to add something new while preserving what was already there .	but if you like going to the movies , you should love bowtie .	thank you , bowtie !
manged	the owners of bowtie manged to add something new while preserving what was already there .
cellphones	there 's plenty of parking , and i 've never had an issue with audience members who wo n't stop talking or answering their cellphones .
previews	just previews and the main feature .
mangers	the mangers also play a classic movies on sundays , you can get a beer in the lobby , and repeat customers can get discounts if they have a member card .
discounts	the mangers also play a classic movies on sundays , you can get a beer in the lobby , and repeat customers can get discounts if they have a member card .	what is the best place to get discounts for san francisco restaurants ?
origami	i am doing origami jewelry and found exactly the right things for earrings and got many other ideas there too .
quilling	i bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts .
filigree	i bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts .
lovable	she is a super sweet , lovable and well - informed woman with a great sense of humor .	the story had brillant battle scenes , lovable heroes and villians , a compelling story line , and it left me dying for the next part of the series :) go to taleofterra.com to learn more aboout it
crafter	this store is a real gem and has much to offer the serious crafter or the occasional crafter .
salmagundi	by the way , salmagundi ( the store name ) means something like smorgasbord ; potpourri ; motley ; variety ; mixed bag ; miscellaneous assortment ; mixture , a variety of many kinds of things .
smorgasbord	by the way , salmagundi ( the store name ) means something like smorgasbord ; potpourri ; motley ; variety ; mixed bag ; miscellaneous assortment ; mixture , a variety of many kinds of things .
potpourri	by the way , salmagundi ( the store name ) means something like smorgasbord ; potpourri ; motley ; variety ; mixed bag ; miscellaneous assortment ; mixture , a variety of many kinds of things .
motley	by the way , salmagundi ( the store name ) means something like smorgasbord ; potpourri ; motley ; variety ; mixed bag ; miscellaneous assortment ; mixture , a variety of many kinds of things .
quimba	barbara quimba 1/30/10
1/30/10	barbara quimba 1/30/10
grrrrrrrreeeaaat	the 2010 genesis is grrrrrrrreeeaaat !
thouhgt	i thouhgt it would be out of my price range but they really worked with me and now i could nt be happier .
untrained	bait and switch , untrained workers
bonanza	called the bonanza store 2 weeks ago , before i ripped out 350 sq ft of ceramic tile ... was told i would need a " dual head concrete grinder " to remove thinset and make a nice " finished " look ( ready for concrete stain ) .
grinder	called the bonanza store 2 weeks ago , before i ripped out 350 sq ft of ceramic tile ... was told i would need a " dual head concrete grinder " to remove thinset and make a nice " finished " look ( ready for concrete stain ) .	was quoted $ 55 all inclusive of grinder inserts , etc .	got the tile ripped out , call today , now all the sudden this grinder wo n't leave a finished look and it 's $ 125 plus around $ 75 for the inserts .
thinset	called the bonanza store 2 weeks ago , before i ripped out 350 sq ft of ceramic tile ... was told i would need a " dual head concrete grinder " to remove thinset and make a nice " finished " look ( ready for concrete stain ) .
inserts	was quoted $ 55 all inclusive of grinder inserts , etc .	got the tile ripped out , call today , now all the sudden this grinder wo n't leave a finished look and it 's $ 125 plus around $ 75 for the inserts .
pitfalls	i feel like they did n't tell me the pitfalls before i pulled out this tile and now that i have no other options they want 5 times the price ?
renting	either these people do n't know anything about what they are renting , or worse - they are bait and switching .
laundromats	outside of parking being at a premium , especially on discount days , the laundry tub is not filthy and it 's no smaller than any of a dozen laundromats i 've been in .
availed	i availed myself of the wash 'n fold service , taking just about a year 's worth of dirty clothes in and getting back neatly folded , clean clothes in clear plastic bags ( i 'd originally brought them in , in six large yellow garbage bags ) .
'n	kaoshikii is a dance which was invented in 1978 by shrii shrii a'nandamu'rti .	i availed myself of the wash 'n fold service , taking just about a year 's worth of dirty clothes in and getting back neatly folded , clean clothes in clear plastic bags ( i 'd originally brought them in , in six large yellow garbage bags ) .	you know that both o'neal and matt are out ?
checkout	whereas my answer to the question " where do you get your laundry done ? " used to be , " at the checkout line at walmart , " i can honestly say the answer now is , " at the laundry tub . "	# ) if you want a late checkout , ( after 11 am ) they charge you $ 15 for the first hour , $ 25 for the second hour , and after 2 pm it 's a full day charge .
annoy	i did n't feel guilty about the garage sale , that 's why i was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night grrrrrrr .	i used one of these cages short term for a pet and it was n't that great to be honest , pretty cheaply made , the door springs are annoying and it does n't last very well .	large tank , no annoying tankmates , perfect water conditons and really good feeding .	you also have to put up with all the annoying accents in australia .	the difference is when the cat hisses , that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away .	we have to leave him at the vet for 3 days and i was told to call for check ups as often as i wished that no matter how many times i called i would not annoy them .	they do n't do certain things that are really annoying about other offices .	let me join the chorus of annoyance over google 's new toolbar , which , as noted in the linked article , commits just about every sin an online marketer could commit , and makes up a few new ones besides .
serivce	the food is excellent , the serivce is horrible .
mindset	i think they 're still in the mindset from when it was only smokers sitting around and drinking ... not in any hurry .
bartenders	however , the bartenders / waitresses definately need to be re-trained ( if they ever had any to begin with ) and learn two things : only chat with customers when other customers are not impatiently waiting and to look around more often to see if people are waiting .
waitresses	however , the bartenders / waitresses definately need to be re-trained ( if they ever had any to begin with ) and learn two things : only chat with customers when other customers are not impatiently waiting and to look around more often to see if people are waiting .
re-trained	however , the bartenders / waitresses definately need to be re-trained ( if they ever had any to begin with ) and learn two things : only chat with customers when other customers are not impatiently waiting and to look around more often to see if people are waiting .
understaffing	in some cases the result is because of understaffing , in some cases the staff just does n't care / know better .
midas	trust the midas touch	i personally trust this midas store with all my vehicles , i have been going there for years & would never go anywhere else !	midas has the most high tech equipment in town & i guarantee you if they told you it was electrical then in deed it s electrical !	i will continue going to dave at midas because he is one of the most honest business owners in this town !	when having your car worked on you have to trust the mechanic & this midas is truly someone you can trust !
personable	the staff is very personable & actually care about the customers safety rather than taking there money .	the service was excellent and personable .	he came across as a very bright person , very personable .
scallop	we decided to try this place last night because we noticed that it had some interesting things on the menu aside from the usual rolls -- live scallop sashimi , duck breast nigiri with foie gras , panko mussels -- but none of these were particularly great or worth the sticker price .
nigiri	we decided to try this place last night because we noticed that it had some interesting things on the menu aside from the usual rolls -- live scallop sashimi , duck breast nigiri with foie gras , panko mussels -- but none of these were particularly great or worth the sticker price .
panko	we decided to try this place last night because we noticed that it had some interesting things on the menu aside from the usual rolls -- live scallop sashimi , duck breast nigiri with foie gras , panko mussels -- but none of these were particularly great or worth the sticker price .
3.75	additionally we tried the logan circle roll , spicy crab and tuna roll , and sweet potato tempura roll ( $ 15 , $ 10 , and $ 3.75 respectively ) .
solicitous	the service is solicitous , the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out - of - place flat - screen tv playing football .
3:15	12/26/2000 03:15 pm	at 3:15 am on night # 2 , the fire alarm and strobe light activated in my room .
romanick	i began seeing dr. romanick back in 2000 and have seen a significant decline in the quality of care , patient - doctor communication , and just the overall level of services .	also , i was promised to have my test results emailed to me , but it never happened , and after a few attempts to get dr. romanick on the phone to brief me on my condition , i finally gave up and went to a different doctor .
diligent	please do not go there if it 's professional , friendly , diligent medical services you 're looking for .
actualy	the moving company is actualy based in brooklyn , but advertised all over ny / nj , including fort lee .
tolls	when the guys arrived ( 2 hours later than agreed ) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from brooklyn and extra $ 100 for them to drive back from your destination .
payed	when she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .	i have a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female kitten .	but i had my cat spayed through their reduced / free spay and neuter program and the vet they sent us to was first of all a hour and a half away , and 4 days later we had to bring them to our normal vet because the vets at the place in wisconsin did a crappy job and they got infections .	when the guys arrived ( 2 hours later than agreed ) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from brooklyn and extra $ 100 for them to drive back from your destination .
eather	the moi in iraq is equivalent to the us fbi , so this would be like having j. edgar hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	they 're going to talk about their kids , they 're going to talk about football , they 're going to talk about the weather .	i shall be glad to review your website -- www.weathereffects.com .	if we have time next week , i could step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com .	it 's a very ambitious site -- with state - of - the - art wsi weather ( seasonal , 6 - 10 , and day to day ) driving a good load model for pjm and nepool .	we have received the executed amendment to the subscription agreement with weathertrade , inc. dated march 2 , 2000 .	pg&e also anticipates that the core procurement incentive mechanism ( cpim ) will be similar to today 's mechanism , but will reflect the somewhat larger capacity holdings needed to meet anticipated increases in core demand and to meet a 1 - day in 10 - year cold weather event .	financially , it could be a lean year , although some advance planning can help you weather the storm .	the advertising farce of how much he loved linda ( woman whose quality he did not deserve ) , was exposed when it was known that paul had an affair with heather mills , linda 's intimate friend , with whom mccartney went on a trip to new york and to whom he bought things and presents , while he was still mourning for his " dear linda " .	at the same time mccartney was going out with heather mills , he used linda 's death for promotional ends , due to his waning popularity .	paul was going out with heather , but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband 's masquerade pretending to suffer for linda , for the afore mentioned promotional ends .	they can also be very beautiful when the purple heather is out , and they are habitat to much wildlife and many species of wildflowers .	if the baby is feathered yet - which i 'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine .	he does have toys , a scratching post , lots of mice , balls , yarn , a feathery birdy toy , etc .	lots of them , feather ones work best , also when he bites you in the morning put him down off your bed , to show him that you will not tolerate that , he will get it , he s also probably teething , so toys are your best bet	it 's more of a place to go to enjoy the weather , the sea , etc .	feather type .	silkies have hookless feathers .	sussexs have soft feathers .	all offspring from this cross will have soft feathers , as hookless feathers are a recessive gene .	feathered feet / shanks - chicks could have feathered feet / shanks as this is also incomplete dominate .	( the younger the eaiser to tame ) look for clean smooth feathers , beak , and clean vent feathers ( the feathers around the butt .. dirty vent feathers means the bird is not healthy ) look for a dark eye with no circles ( the older ones have a circle ring in their eyes ) .	( think of a balding man lol ) look for clean feathers .	we do n't want it to be too cold ( not sure when exactly there fall is ... or what the weather is really like there during our autumn months ) , but we do n't feel like we need to go right in the middle of summer either .	people do not go to ireland on holiday for the weather , it is unpredictable .	one thing you can be sure of about irish weather is how little you can be sure of .	the irish weather works on the ' four seasons in a day ' principle , which basic ally means that you ca n't predict a thing when it comes to the behaviour of the sky .	not surprisingly , most of the yearly festivals occur during these times so as to take advantage of the crowds and the more favourable weather .	still , you have a better chance of some peace and quiet , and the weather can be surprisingly better in april and september than in mid-july - again , it 's all part of the uncertainty principle .	as that famous scotsman billy connolly says " there is no such thing as bad weather just the wrong clothes "	afraid i can not be more helpful , it is really a case of pot luck , although as the weather is so changeable often a cold wet morning will turn into a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or visa versa .	best weather the past couple of years has been around late april - late may but it can pour with rain for days on end at any time of the year so be prepared with waterproof jackets / boots etc .
totalling	so totalling $ 212 just for start before any work started .
bdr	i was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track ( from 2 pm - 8 pm ) .
recomend	so i still can recomend them but prepare pay twice as much as they tell you initially .	would 100 % recomend to others for a great service .	i had so many strawberries right on the field ... strongly recomend ... do nt forget to try their great ice cream	highly recomended .
rudest	linda is the rudest person you will ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy , rude people that live there , not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others .	worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the rudest person i have ever met .
trashy	linda is the rudest person you will ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy , rude people that live there , not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others .
jurek	i have worked with ted jurek at decor and you , and it started out as a decent experience .
500.00	however , after giving a required $ 500.00 ( non refundable ) deposit before seeing any plans or ideas , i was sorry i did .	any orders at or over $ 500.00 an additional 10 % off the total order .
refundable	however , after giving a required $ 500.00 ( non refundable ) deposit before seeing any plans or ideas , i was sorry i did .
heed	270 - estimated number of court decisions citing federal negligence in endangered - species protection that remained unheeded during the first year of the bush administration .	please everyone .... take heed and do n't get caught up in the hype about decor and you working with every budget ...	waheed zaman , 22 , london e17	waheed arafat khan , 24 , london e17
hype	please everyone .... take heed and do n't get caught up in the hype about decor and you working with every budget ...	the worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that " everyone " is going to " love " the food , decor and service .	they do n't seem to know anything but the hype they are told and the packages they have available to them .
squirm	this is just a way for them to squirm their way into your precious pocket
unfortunalty	unfortunalty my husband and i had to put our 13 year old lab down that morning and we were not expecting this .
bodhi	i called them back a few hours after putting my bodhi down and they still would n't budge .
mackinaw	i even emailed mackinaw tourist and nothing .
fanfuckingtastic	fanfuckingtastic
grail	i saw this place and it looked like the holy grail .
pies	by the way , cullen and dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to melanie gray .	if you are not the intended recipient , please contact the sender and delete all copies .	i am hopeful that we are ready to prepare execution copies .	attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the gas industry restructuring / natural gas strategy proceeding , including the motion for approval of the comprehensive settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the comprehensive settlement , the comprehensive settlement document itself , and the various appendices to the settlement .?	hard copies of the comprehensive settlement , including all declarations and signature pages , are being shipped tonight via us mail to all parties on the service list .?	additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and i will make them available to all of you - just let me know how many copies you need .	copies will be distributed .	copies will be distributed .	i believe you got a copy of the john sommer letter to producers dated jan 6 that mkm 's spies intercepted .	this would replace the paper copies you and your people are currently getting .	please send david lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter ( use bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete ) .	what : copies of the filed complaint will be made available at that time .	copies of this message are located below .	so , the bay area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long time -- caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that 's because most tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so that 's who the photographers took pictures of .	i had to call the office of the registrar general in thunder bay , have copies of the delayed registration form mailed out to me , as they do n't have an online area for it yet , fill those out , send them away , then apply for his birth certificate .	it 's actually one of the alternative therapies for epm	great experience - consider checking out their puppies before buying from a breeder !	printing , printing , copies , printing , copies , printing ,	i knew i had found the real deal , big pies , sold by the slice , with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front .	phil if you could please make copies and distribute asap .	normally this author is semi-objective ( what blogger is ) but on the seattlepi.com ( see source link ) palestinian leader mahmoud abbas has demanded that israel leave all the land that it occupies before the 1967 border ( which includes east jerusalem by the way ) .	best meat pies in canada	if you are looking for authentic british meat pies , then look know further .	i need to now get a job at house of pies b/c that is the only way to pay the bills .	house of pies here i come .
pizzas	i knew i had found the real deal , big pies , sold by the slice , with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front .	the pizzas are huge and super delicious .
oregano	they have crushed red pepper flakes and oregano .
congratulated	i congratulated this establishment for doing the research on making nyc pizza because these scots fcking nailed it .
fcking	i congratulated this establishment for doing the research on making nyc pizza because these scots fcking nailed it .
yorkedness	they might want to change the name to reflect the new yorkedness of the pizza , scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me .
scrummy	they might want to change the name to reflect the new yorkedness of the pizza , scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me .
gimmicky	they might want to change the name to reflect the new yorkedness of the pizza , scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me .
7/26/08	we visited on 7/26/08 for dinner we received a gift certificate for the mama mia 's on greenfield ave .
cashier	the cashier was also short , unapologetic and made me feel as i was wasting her time .
unapologetic	the cashier was also short , unapologetic and made me feel as i was wasting her time .
overage	news coverage of the president 's years in the guard has tended to focus on one brief portion of that time - to the exclusion of virtually everything else .	but bout 's name is n't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives , before it sinks like so many others beneath the media 's frothing triviality .	one such murder , with the help of hysterical media coverage , can destroy the tourism industry of a country for quite a while , as it did in bali and in turkey .	the media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason senators daschle and leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as " liberals . "	i need to have a form filled out that says i do n't have health insurance coverage through enron .	there were no other options available ( i only brought my check card to cover any overage cost ) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy .
mezza	mezza luna ftw !
ftw	mezza luna ftw !
luna's	their mezza luna's are deffly better than the pizza rolls .
deffly	their mezza luna's are deffly better than the pizza rolls .
prolly	it seems like it s healthier too , but it s prolly not .
cus	( this is a largely sunni arab clan , and some sunni observers have accused shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination ; it is more likely the work of sunni arab guerrillas punishing the batawi leaders for cooperating with the dec. 15 elections . )	petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success , and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed - door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track , diplomatic sources said .	news coverage of the president 's years in the guard has tended to focus on one brief portion of that time - to the exclusion of virtually everything else .	that brings the story to may 1972 - the time that has been the focus of so many news reports - when bush " deserted " ( according to anti-bush filmmaker michael moore ) or went " awol " ( according to terry mcauliffe , chairman of the democratic national committee ) .	because of such talk , posada has been taken into custody by immigration officials .	so instead posada may be held indefinitely , in comfortable custody .	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .	since september 11 , pakistan has been repeatedly accused by afghan and western leaders of harbouring taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections , but at the highest level the us has avoided criticising president pervaiz musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the us catch al qaeda elements inside pakistan .	'' it was the first time that bush totally focused on the taliban threat rather than al qaeda with the pakistanis , '' says a western diplomat .	islamabad accuses new delhi of using its consulates in kandahar and jalalabad to train balochi insurgents who are active in pakistani balochistan .	goodwyn : archibald says the frequency with which mr. bush discussed the subject was off - putting to him .	afraid i do n't have time today to discuss these , but some stories need attention :	( also see this thread on the ri discussion board ) :	the kevin coogan publication posted on the previous thread might serve as a good launching point for further discussion .	tronicus :	tronicus , if you 're still checking this thread :	suppose , for the sake of discussion , that someone would openly stay in a well - known address in teheran , hosted by the iranian government and financed by it , executing one atrocity after another in spain or in france , killing hundreds of innocent people , accepting responsibility for the crimes , promising in public tv interviews to do more of the same , while the government of iran issues public condemnations of his acts but continues to host him , invite him to official functions and treat him as a great dignitary .	by 1998 , zawahiri had determined that the egyptian islamic jihad should focus on its struggle against the united states and hold off on further attacks against the egyptian regime .	although ramzi binalshibh provided him $ 14,000 in july , accused september 11 conspirator zacarias moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks .	by 1998 , zawahiri had determined that the egyptian islamic jihad should focus on its struggle against the united states and hold off on further attacks against the egyptian regime .	wherever he is , authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or atef recruited .	the reported finding at dugway undermines the argument of both the " bomb iraq " crowd and the liberals focused on dr. steve hatfill who object to us biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes .	yazid sufaat provided moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for infocus technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .	the " hatfill theory " accusing dr. stephen hatfill was always highly dubious .	the conference will also discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading system .	also i am still thinking about the matisse we discussed before but as you can see , i have a lot of other artists i am interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one .	give me a call tuesday afternoon to discuss ( gone to kelowna golfing for the weekend ) .	we should try to have a conference call with the west desk to discuss as soon as we can .	erin rice and i would like to meet with you to discuss the issues concerning backweb before we proceed .	i also deleted " subject to recall " based on our discussion , assuming you get approval for that revision .	you informed me that you would discuss this with your attorney .	she noted then that women customarily walked about 10 feet behind their husbands .
pepperoni	they do that whole thing where you sandwich the pepperoni between layers of cheese for + 32 delicious .
'05	this was back between '05 and '09 and i do n't remember how many times we 've had it delivered .
'09	this was back between '05 and '09 and i do n't remember how many times we 've had it delivered .
deliciousness	perhaps they do n't deliver anymore , but the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup .
warrants	perhaps they do n't deliver anymore , but the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup .	someone in the cpa sat down and thought up ways to stir them up by closing their newspaper and issuing 28 arrest warrants and taking in people like yaqubi .	anthony shadid of the washington post reveals that the warrants for the arrests had been issued months be for .
xf	i sent my wife and daughter over to check out a pre-owned 2009 xf .	i loved the car so we began negotiating my trade - in and the price of the 09 xf .	10 minutes of paperwork and i was the owner of a beautiful pre-owned 09 xf .
chestney	michael chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested i go check it out .
rvs	i have purchased over 15 vehicles ( cars , rvs , and boats ) in my lifetime and i have to say the experience with michael and barrett motor cars of san antonio was one of the best .
blowout	i was recently traveling down i - 24 from nashville with my 3 young children and had a blowout on the southeast side of murfreesboro .
murfreesboro	i was recently traveling down i - 24 from nashville with my 3 young children and had a blowout on the southeast side of murfreesboro .	they tracked down the only tire that fit my bmw 330i in murfreesboro within minutes and secured it , then they came out , took off my tire ( it was a runflat - but runflats do n't do you any good if they blow out ) , and brought it to their shop to change the tire .	they were back quickly considering how far outside of murfreesboro we were and had us on our way by 6:30 that evening .
4:50	09/17/99 04:50 am	it was 4:50 when a friend told me to call bud , he would take care of me .	not only did they answer the phone at 4:50 on a thursday , they hit the ground moving !.
330i	they tracked down the only tire that fit my bmw 330i in murfreesboro within minutes and secured it , then they came out , took off my tire ( it was a runflat - but runflats do n't do you any good if they blow out ) , and brought it to their shop to change the tire .
runflat	they tracked down the only tire that fit my bmw 330i in murfreesboro within minutes and secured it , then they came out , took off my tire ( it was a runflat - but runflats do n't do you any good if they blow out ) , and brought it to their shop to change the tire .
runflats	they tracked down the only tire that fit my bmw 330i in murfreesboro within minutes and secured it , then they came out , took off my tire ( it was a runflat - but runflats do n't do you any good if they blow out ) , and brought it to their shop to change the tire .
grissom	alan grissom
youngsteers	i have stayed in this hotel many times , and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck , its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local , not so pleasant hood .
evictees	i have stayed in this hotel many times , and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck , its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local , not so pleasant hood .
fend	chalabi describing sha'lan as a " ba'athist " and a " former double agent for saddam and the cia " , while sha'lan dismisses chalabi as a " thief " and an " iranian stooge who longs for his own origins by defending iran " .	more than ever , police and prosecutors have the tools and the will to go after horrific crimes , even when the defendants are seemingly powerful individuals or institutions .	two bombs were also sent to leavenworth , where a key wtc 1993 defendant was imprisoned , addressed to " parole officer . "	i apologize if i offended anyone .	i should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - i mean it 's such a common spelling .	james j. hoecker , the former federal energy regulatory commission chairman , defended making the december decision and also defended winter .	the other canadian recipient of the medal was ronald joseph crawford , 42 , of hamilton , who was killed aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .	should china decide to retaliate against the us to defend its oil and natural gas deal with iran , the us would be faced with a significant threat .	she is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend .	this left westmoreland with few options , so he adapted a search and destroy strategy instead of a clear and defend strategy which is , in the long run , the preferred method of pacifying an insurgency .	however , what they hoped to do during the tet offensive was to sneak past the americans and attack the arvn in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful clear and defend operations .	i have never considered this a real problem as i travel without kids and can fend for myself , but when i had to listen to a ( non-violent ) domestic fight that lasted from 1 am to 5 am during my last stay and i found out that the front desk was unmanned during night hours , my choice was to either waste tax payers money by calling for a yet another police dispatch to this hotel , or just get over it .	essentially , i told him i did n't trust him cause he was a car salesman , but he got so incredibly offended at that statement that he had to go cry to another salesman and compose himself before coming back .	sincere appologies to anyone who is offended by my request but my request is genuine .	if you want an attorney who will defend your right , contact law offices of armando villega	i have use them four times for fixing items from pushing out a dent in a bumper to fixing the fender on my beloved miata .
non-violent	i have never considered this a real problem as i travel without kids and can fend for myself , but when i had to listen to a ( non-violent ) domestic fight that lasted from 1 am to 5 am during my last stay and i found out that the front desk was unmanned during night hours , my choice was to either waste tax payers money by calling for a yet another police dispatch to this hotel , or just get over it .
cracker	was there this past weekend and the guy behind the counter yelled at me and my son because we believed he left the grandma slice in the oven a little too long and the cheese got all dried out and the slice tasted more like a cracker .
countertop	he preceded to grab the slice off the countertop and throw it into the trash while yelling at me saying , " you do not order what you do not know about " and " you do n't know how pizza is made " .
upsetting	it was very upsetting to see this kind of behavior especially in front of my four year old .
oily	cheese was falling off , so oily and greasy .	rest was too oily .
sabotaging	i will never go back to this place and i am reporting them to the better business bureau for such horrible customer relations and basically sabotaging my pizza and taking my $ 25 .
*ss	that little man who thinks he invented pizza can kiss my *ss .
spills	the first thing you notice when you arrive on location is that the waiting line literally goes out the door and spills into the parking lot .
tacos	a restaurant with this many patrons willing to stand in line just to order tacos must be good , right ?	if you have gotten through ordering , dealing with the rude staff and if you followed the dumb rules , you are finally presented with what you came for .. some tacos that are " ok , " but definitely not worth putting up with all the hassle .	food like the stuff they eat in spanish countries like tacos , beans , rice , pork , steak , ect .	fish tacos are my fave simple and filling highly recommend mi pueblo .
costumer	the staff taking your order and " waiting " on you are very indifferent and have no sense of costumer service at all .
comcast	i have gotten better results talking to comcast customer service than with these folks .
taco	if i had time to drive to tacoma before they closed during the work week , i would just so i could get those boots fixed properly again .	i suggest you go up to raging taco & raging burrito a couple of blocks up the street or even taco mac .	which of these do you like : mcdonald s , burger king , taco bell , wendy s ?	well there s mc. donald s , taco bell , burger king .....
burrito	i suggest you go up to raging taco & raging burrito a couple of blocks up the street or even taco mac .
bistro	we were introduced to bistro tallulah by traveler - professional diner who happens to own the adelphi hotel and travels the world -- and residing in paris , london , new york the rest of the year .
tallulah	we were introduced to bistro tallulah by traveler - professional diner who happens to own the adelphi hotel and travels the world -- and residing in paris , london , new york the rest of the year .
adelphi	we were introduced to bistro tallulah by traveler - professional diner who happens to own the adelphi hotel and travels the world -- and residing in paris , london , new york the rest of the year .
unpretentious	our friend is a world traveler and loves unpretentious dining experiences and inspired food .
rrly	i rrly seek the cehf out to introduce myself -- but the second time we went -- i made a point of asking our wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell him just how good our meals were .
cehf	i rrly seek the cehf out to introduce myself -- but the second time we went -- i made a point of asking our wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell him just how good our meals were .
particlular	i feel that the way some doctor s offices work around here is a little bit absurd so i 'm happy that these guys do n't do those two things in particlular .
baldness	the doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .
http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm	the doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .
anyhow	anyhow , after reading some of the other reviews it seems like some of the other reviewers are expecting mircles .
mircles	anyhow , after reading some of the other reviews it seems like some of the other reviewers are expecting mircles .
stressful	this can tend to be a stressful experience in itself let alone adding crossing boarders for the first time .	please pass my appreciation to the staff and management for their excellent hospitality and good spirits as it helped make a stressful trip enjoyable .
boarders	this can tend to be a stressful experience in itself let alone adding crossing boarders for the first time .
novotel	i will be traveling in this area in the future and you can be assured that this experience will be helpful in my choice of hotels and novotel will be my first selection .
resturant	i frequent this resturant on a weekly basis but usally only for lunch .	bottom line is that when it 's a small privatly owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take pride in their product and service .	24 hour fast resturants near by ?	but my resturant is way better than all of them ... and it 's quite close .
usally	i frequent this resturant on a weekly basis but usally only for lunch .
scampi	i had the chicken parmesan dinner and my wife had the shrimp scampi dinner .
privatly	bottom line is that when it 's a small privatly owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take pride in their product and service .
phet	i had hear great things about phet and g&g automotive so i decided to give him a try .	also , a week after the work , phet called me up to see how my car was running and to let me know that they had accidentally overcharged me for part of the work and wanted to give me a refund for that amount .	i grew up in a small town where you knew and trusted your mechanic and was really cynical about city auto repair shops since i moved here , but phet has shown that there really are honest hard working mechanics around .
g&g	i had hear great things about phet and g&g automotive so i decided to give him a try .
overcharged	also , a week after the work , phet called me up to see how my car was running and to let me know that they had accidentally overcharged me for part of the work and wanted to give me a refund for that amount .
unheard	that is just unheard of these days !
handbag	our company is a high end designer handbag and fashion accessories company , thus we are certainly a niche market .
ulistic	we had been evaluating seo providers for quite some time and finally decided to take the plunge with stuart , and ulistic .	well we have been working with ulistic for 1.5 months , and have 100 people following our site on facebook , and our web site , www.designofashion.com has seen a 3 fold increase in traffic , which is significantly beating our expectations - seo is a process that takes time and to get results this quickly is exceptional .
www.designofashion.com	well we have been working with ulistic for 1.5 months , and have 100 people following our site on facebook , and our web site , www.designofashion.com has seen a 3 fold increase in traffic , which is significantly beating our expectations - seo is a process that takes time and to get results this quickly is exceptional .
reap	does this reappropriation lead to or originate from the same place ?	let me put it this way - if you have watched tv recently , crossed a modern bridge , flown in an airplane , recieved any form of modern medicine , did any mathematics , drove a car , used a cellular phone , etc. then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which nasa has returned to us .	your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end , gemini , and now you 're going to start reaping the rewards these " lessons " have left in their wake .	or do i need to reapply ?	we are absolutely confident that stuart 's ethical and focused strategies will see these trends continue to grow , and our business will reap the rewards of this program .
communicator	finally , it must be said that stuart is a fantastic person to work with , because of his solid strategies and equally as importantly because he is a genuinely good person and a great communicator .
hom	homeland security	in may 2004 , patrick hughes , lieutenant general ( retired ) , assistant secretary for information analysis , homeland security department testified before the 9/11 commission .	most of my contact with financial advisors in the past has consisted of them suggesting a mutual fund , telling me to invest in home depot , sun , and coke , or trying to pass off their banks ' biased research reports as something valuable .	w. don germany , jr. 2301 n brazosport blvd b 3611 , investment recovery freeport , texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034	christopher scipio homeopath / herbalist holistic viral specialist	and thus the united states of america - the land of the free and the home of the brave - becomes just another military dictatorship , no better than nazi germany or fascist italy during world war ii .	home made product	it 's located in the huge honka log homes building , by walmart off of evergreen parkway .	prominent builders in new jersey are one the best building contractors , i was referred to them by my friend , i am so glad i used them for my home renovation , and addition .	i had hom - excel replace most of the windows in my tampa residence three years ago .	i called home - excel the next day to order a replacement screen for the window , and was happily surprised when they said that they were n't even going to charge me for the replacement screen ... that it would be covered under their guarentee .	my experience with home delivery service has been one of disappointment and anger .	after complaining on september 10th to national home furnishings , boyles , the hickory furniture mart and home delivery service the latter finally called me back and said they would be up to pick the dresser and chest of drawers at some future point and at some later point it would be professional repaired and at some later point it would be returned .	the customer service at home delivery service was terrible let alone their promise to proper set up furniture .	i would suggest not avoiding second home based on the ' bad experience ' review .	you were clearly given another alternative by second home , to board him - which might have given your dog a chance to come and go from second home a couple times , getting used to the place and maybe facilitating another attempt to get into daycare later .	sungjoo lee stochastic processes and simulation in finance georgia institute of technology school of industrial and systems engineering e-mail address : goldconn@isye.gatech.edu gte114t@prism.gatech.edu home : 404-449-1026 office : coming soon !	okay so i live in san rafael ca like by the mi pueble and the home depot .. what are fun things to do around there ?	ps - we also have more cats coming in for re-homing see our ' homes wanted ' page
burglars	three weeks ago , burglars tried to gain entry into the rear of my home .
intruders	the intruders slit the screen of the window .
miscreants	my next - door neighbor heard the noise and turned on a light , thankfully scaring the two miscreants away ( they even left their hammer behind ! ) .
guarentee	i called home - excel the next day to order a replacement screen for the window , and was happily surprised when they said that they were n't even going to charge me for the replacement screen ... that it would be covered under their guarentee .
lightbulb	their worker even cleaned 3 of my windows and changed a lightbulb for me .
sheraton	we were booked at the sheraton with a number of other out - of - town wedding guests .
linens	there were 3 adults in our room but towels for only 2 , no linens for sofa bed .	in the second room it took 3 tries to get all the towels and linens we requested .	the finest german bedding and linens store .
mid-afternoon	a mid-afternoon " fire drill " was disruptive , putting everyone out of the hotel .
disruptive	a mid-afternoon " fire drill " was disruptive , putting everyone out of the hotel .
boisterous	when we called the front desk about an extremely boisterous crowd in the hall outside our door quite late at night , it seemed to take the hotel staff quite a while to quiet them down .
admittedly	it all had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks .
falsehoods	i played dumb and asked him questions that i already knew the answers to and he responded with half truths and a few falsehoods .
charger	they also got my friend s order mixed up and wanted to charger her $ 10 more than what she had wanted .	will usb cell phone chargers still charge even if they 're hooked up to a computer that is turned off ?
abrasive	they were abrasive and rude - when they were the ones who messed everything up .
pao	i do nt know how it is possible to make orange chicken , sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste that bad but china delight accomplished that .
puffs	i do nt know how it is possible to make orange chicken , sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste that bad but china delight accomplished that .
recount	i have no idea how china delight won number 1 chinese restaurant in montgomery - there needs to be a recount on that vote .
30.00	i picked it up when it was finished and was charge 30.00 .
pomper	i took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked pomper for my money back .
sooo	the girl at the desk was sooo rude i could not believe it !	they are sooooo beautiful .	i was soooo lucky to have used marlon 's photography services .... such a creative and talented photographer and a pleasure to work with .	the reason i go back is because the employees are sooooo nice . "	o and the cheaper the better ( we are trying to save money now , sooo .. that d b helpful ) thanks
resell	she told me that was to bad she would do nothing to help me since she could not use or resell the piece .
unprofessionalism	i would never recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this is based solely on the owner 's own unprofessionalism .
canceling	the owner was very rude , accused me of not reading my contract , and basically told me to shut up when i was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of canceling my membership .	i thought of canceling the lesson once again because i did n't feel comfortable driving an suv .
belittling	i was able to cancel it but only after paying a $ 50 fee ( which the staff person who signed me up stated i would not have to pay if i had proof of moving ) and being spoken to in a very belittling manner .
mousey	i wanted to be very blonde and instead he pulled my root color throughout my whole hair which is a gross mousey brown .
stylists	the other stylists around me kept pressuring me saying he 's so wonderful , you 're going to love your hair .	also very friendly and the stylists are not in the " been there / done that " mood !
pressuring	the other stylists around me kept pressuring me saying he 's so wonderful , you 're going to love your hair .
jacobsen	working with rod jacobsen was my first experience working with a cpa , so i did not know what to expect .
cpa	working with rod jacobsen was my first experience working with a cpa , so i did not know what to expect .	how did the cpa get to the point where it has turned even iraqi shiites , who were initially grateful for the removal of saddam hussein , against the united states ?	one answer is that the pentagon prevented the state department from running the cpa .	rumsfeld , wolfowitz and feith staffed the cpa with neoconservatives , most of whom had no administrative experience , no arabic , and no respect for muslim culture ( or knowledge about it ) .	the neocons in the cpa have all sorts of ulterior motives and social experiments they want to impose on the iraqi people , including polish - style economic shock therapy , some sort of sweetheart deal for israel , and maybe even breaking the country up into three parts .	the washington monthly 's who 's who of neocons in iraq helps explain the extreme incompetence and possibly double - dealing of many in the cpa .	someone in the cpa sat down and thought up ways to stir them up by closing their newspaper and issuing 28 arrest warrants and taking in people like yaqubi .	so i may as well just come out with it : it is pretty suspicious , given the neocon predominance in the cpa and in the upper reaches of the defense department that on april 2 ap reported of muqtada :	i 'm not even in iraq and i could have predicted to you the consequences of doing what the cpa has been doing .	as such , we have a cpa , larry lewis , working with us to audit and set up transition files .
6,000	out of that cost , thirty - six billion dollars ( $ 36,000,000,000 ) were supplied by king hussein , kingdom of saudi arabia and other persian gulf monarchies , and sixteen billion dollars ( $ 16,000,000,000 ) by german and japanese partners .	however , now that i have come to realize that i am going to owe the irs $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what rod told me to do , i feel i have to voice my opinion .	well , again , i am now faced with a tax bill of $ 6,000 + , all due on april 15 , 2010 and all that rod has to say to the matter is ' well , you wo n't have to pay a penalty . '	angry crowds chanted anti-american slogans in the western city of falluja ( pop. 256,000 ) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by us troops were buried on saturday .
sketchy	bit sketchy , sporadic delivery times
semi-sketchiness	the guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly , ahmed , was nice and mostly professional , except the semi-sketchiness .
communicative	point is : you might be able to get a good deal on some nice furniture -- which i did -- but they 're not very communicative and god forbid something goes wrong , you 'll have to fight to get it resolved .	service was average , but nothing special , and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly , not merely capable .	" ... there is no companion quite so devoted , so communicative , so loving and so mesmerizing as a rat . "	" ... there is no companion quite so devoted , so communicative , so loving and so mesmerizing as a rat . "
hds	on august 21st , 2009 i ordered furniture from hickory furniture mart and contracted for hds to deliver it .
2300	i spent $ 2300 on the bedroom suite , which was complete and excellent condition on the showroom floor .
headboard	upon delivery it was clear the entire set was damaged : a piece of wood was broke on the headboard ; the chest of drawers was missing all four pieces necessary to attach the legs ; the dresser back legs were pushed in causing the dresser to lean into the wall ; and a nighstand was missing a drawer .
nighstand	upon delivery it was clear the entire set was damaged : a piece of wood was broke on the headboard ; the chest of drawers was missing all four pieces necessary to attach the legs ; the dresser back legs were pushed in causing the dresser to lean into the wall ; and a nighstand was missing a drawer .
boyles	after complaining on september 10th to national home furnishings , boyles , the hickory furniture mart and home delivery service the latter finally called me back and said they would be up to pick the dresser and chest of drawers at some future point and at some later point it would be professional repaired and at some later point it would be returned .
limbo	so i am in limbo regarding a bedroom suite .
saintly	she highly recommended him and described him as the " saintly instructor and simply the best instructor there is .... very calm , pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions " .	to my friend , thank you for your recommendation ... you were true to your words in saying gerry is a " saintly instructor ... absolutely simple the best instructor and best driving school there is !
cancellations	i had to cancel my initial lesson 4 times and on the 5th attempt the management was quick enough to associate my cancellations with my fear and finally encouraged me into taking my initial lesson .
reciprocate	i trust you and believe that you 'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate !
bexar	we just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we had to visit the bexar county tax office off of bandera road .
bandera	we just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we had to visit the bexar county tax office off of bandera road .
granger	karla ferguson - granger
strzalka	dr. strzalka at flagship cvts is not a good doctor	i am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that dr. christopher t. strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very cruel and uncaring !!
cvts	dr. strzalka at flagship cvts is not a good doctor
uncaring	i am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that dr. christopher t. strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very cruel and uncaring !!
bicuspid	he was going to operate and replace my bicuspid aortic valve due to critical aortic stenosis .
aortic	he was going to operate and replace my bicuspid aortic valve due to critical aortic stenosis .
stenosis	he was going to operate and replace my bicuspid aortic valve due to critical aortic stenosis .
renigged	then he renigged when he read my health care proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .
ventilator	then he renigged when he read my health care proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .	he did not even give me the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer , which i would have .
inoperable	just said i was inoperable and walked out of the hospital room .	so , therefore , now he says i am inoperable ( even though i am not 100 % inoperable ) , and he is letting me die .
bmil	it 's unfortunate that bmil believed that his ' perfect ' dog was not given the right opportunity to prove himself .
unrealistic	but i 've done hundreds of dog introductions myself ( another place , i do n't work here ) , and owners can have unrealistic expectations and views of what they see when their dogs meet other dogs .
objectively	workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively ; and it 's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem .
roomful	it sounds ( according to your own statement ) that they had a roomful of dogs , so they must be doing something right - and are keeping those dogs safe from potential problems .
dumbest	dumbest f'ers ever
f'ers	dumbest f'ers ever
dominos	i called dominos tonight , it rang forever , i get put on hold twice without saying a word and finally someone says , may i help you ?	and i said , yes , center city philly , and he says , no , warwick is a township , if you 're at a radison in warwick that s too far , try dominos in pottstown .	call dominos in your town .
radison	so i say : i 'm at the radison warwick hotel in rittenhouse square ( built in 1926 ) do you deliver to the warwick ?	i laugh and say , no , that warwick is in new york , but i 'm at the radison - warwick .	and i said , yes , center city philly , and he says , no , warwick is a township , if you 're at a radison in warwick that s too far , try dominos in pottstown .
rittenhouse	so i say : i 'm at the radison warwick hotel in rittenhouse square ( built in 1926 ) do you deliver to the warwick ?	i say , no , i am at the radison warwick hotel in rittenhouse square .
pottstown	and i said , yes , center city philly , and he says , no , warwick is a township , if you 're at a radison in warwick that s too far , try dominos in pottstown .
locust	i say listen : i 'm at 17th and locust , do you deliver there ?	ok , 1701 locust street i say .
hmmm	hmmmmmm ....................	i agree , hmmmmmm .	hmmm , she says , then why are you calling here , we do n't go past broad ?	hmmm ... a person can not call a company , if you have no idea its name ( since the designer is unknown ... supposedly ) , and order a gown without a dress name or style number .
cussing	i think valerie mooney ( our credit person ) and ed sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the loc format .	there are already several forums around the net focused on discussing guild wars , so why create a new one ?	anyway , after much yelling and cussing i hung up , grabbed a cab , and went to geno 's .	worst place flour tortillas are always hard the beef enchiladas are discussing meat all over cooked was good many yrs ago but restaurant has gone down hill
geno	anyway , after much yelling and cussing i hung up , grabbed a cab , and went to geno 's .
innkeeper	lots of rules , phantom innkeeper , last minute price was worth it .	the email confirmation ( which i read in the car ) warned about large suitcases , declaring that we are innkeepers , not longshoreman .	we returned after 3 pm , found no one there , and a note from the innkeeper with directions to our room .
suitcases	the email confirmation ( which i read in the car ) warned about large suitcases , declaring that we are innkeepers , not longshoreman .	in other words , they do not help with suitcases , but they promise totes to help .
innkeepers	the email confirmation ( which i read in the car ) warned about large suitcases , declaring that we are innkeepers , not longshoreman .
longshoreman	the email confirmation ( which i read in the car ) warned about large suitcases , declaring that we are innkeepers , not longshoreman .
totes	in other words , they do not help with suitcases , but they promise totes to help .	so no totes .
chambermaid	finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3 m , no exceptions .
sternly	finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3 m , no exceptions .
1.50	if they think you 've taken a soda from your room home with you , they will charge you $ 1.50 per can .
shampoo	# 2 ) if you take the shampoo products home , they will charge you $ 8 per item .
uninspired	snacks : uninspired bread , tea backs , and individual coffee things for a machine that did n't exist .
mildew	bath was clean except shower stall which had mildew problems .
touts	the inn touts a shower with dual shower heads , but only one worked .
overstatements	quit with the overstatements !
zahav	the worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that " everyone " is going to " love " the food , decor and service .	perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests ( and as the many golden reviews seem to attest ) , we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience .
hyperbolic	the worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that " everyone " is going to " love " the food , decor and service .
salatim	the salatim salads are the smallest plates i 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .
condiments	the salatim salads are the smallest plates i 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .
forkfuls	though they are mostly excellent , you generally do n't get enough forkfuls to know if you really love them .
laffa	that being said , the laffa and hummus are out of this world .
hummus	that being said , the laffa and hummus are out of this world .	then again , for the three of us who dined together , two pieces of flatbread left us fighting for more , and licking the hummus from our fingers ( and yes , those two pieces of flatbread did represent a three - person order ) .
flatbread	then again , for the three of us who dined together , two pieces of flatbread left us fighting for more , and licking the hummus from our fingers ( and yes , those two pieces of flatbread did represent a three - person order ) .
glob	but then , even to talk of an " administration " may be misdirection at this point , given how little representative government means in the united states these days , and how much of " national security " has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns .	seems as if there is a clear distinction being made between the ' imaginary ' whore of babalon and the actually whore of babylon , which is this global system .	andre is going to look over the list of curves needed for the global assets ( august board meeting ) one more time before i forward it to you .	i think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards , but i wonder about the most appropriate timing , enough of a global message and the means of delivery .	with regard to a global message , i think that one of the key points around fundamental operating standards are that they are intended to be global in nature , applied to every commodity and every location where we engage in trading activities .	these global standards also should enable enron to expand its business reach more quickly , with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations .	i am not sure from the article as written that the global nature of this effort comes across .	and not to belittle the process of creating the standards , the tough part ( and the real meat behind this ) will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these standards .	my commitment to rick causey is that i will have that global report in production by the end of the year .	that there are reconciling differences between trader position analyses , as400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position report ( these differences are at present not understood but would need to be provided to aa within the audit timetable )	( even though he has bigger things to do in d.c. , this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in texas , the repercussions could be global . )	i am forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading .	the main reason is google is more accessible to the global community and you can rest assured that it 's not going to go away .	china 's insatiable demand for energy is prompting fears of financial and diplomatic collisions around the globe as it seeks reliable supplies of oil from as far away as brazil and sudan .	it turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming climate is the response of the non-human natural world to changing conditions , and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global warming .	" the impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the arctic , " said acia chair robert corell .	the impacts of climate change on the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to come . "	on the one hand , the ipn report agreed " climate models generally predict that the temperature rises in the arctic will substantially exceed the global rise .	" the impact of global warming on fish stocks and fisheries is hard to judge , " the ipn report said .	hidden in this laundry list -- and in the pile of studies examined by the pew researchers -- is one of the fundamental chasms dividing participants in the global warming debate .	climate is a weekly series by upi examining the impacts of global climate change .	add to this the economic threat posed by china , and the economic threat implicit in any substantial disruption of the distribution of mideast petroleum to the globe .	iran also stands accused of aiding terrorism across the globe .	all arguments that the bush administration would be insane to attack iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth .	408 - number of species that could be extinct by 2050 if the global - warming trend continues .	0 - number of times bush mentioned global warming , clean air , clean water , pollution or environment in his 2004 state of the union speech .	1 - number of paragraphs devoted to global warming in the epa 's 600 - page " draft report on the environment " presented in 2003 .	14 - percentage carbon dioxide emissions will increase over the next 10 years under bush 's own global - warming plan ( an increase of 30 per cent above their 1990 levels ) .	5 - number of years the bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could be taken .	the duck was a 65 % glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy , crispy delicacy it usually represents at other establishments .	email : " andre " < webmas...@globelingerie.com >	oil companies evacuated offshore facilities as the storm 's progress kept global markets on tenterhooks .
chewy	the duck was a 65 % glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy , crispy delicacy it usually represents at other establishments .
crispy	the duck was a 65 % glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy , crispy delicacy it usually represents at other establishments .
delicacy	the duck was a 65 % glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy , crispy delicacy it usually represents at other establishments .
semifreddo	oh , yes , the chocolate semifreddo was quite good .
waitstaff	service was average , but nothing special , and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly , not merely capable .
attest	perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests ( and as the many golden reviews seem to attest ) , we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience .
succulent	but one should not go here expecting something fantastic , unless perhaps you 've never had middle - eastern food before , or succulent duck , tasty lamb , decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts .
brides	do other brides fall for this ???
seamstresses	they either : a ) do n't want to give it to me because they do n't want me purchasing the dress elsewhere or b ) are recreating the dresses themselves ( ie stealing other designers ' dress designs and " filling the orders " by their own seamstresses ) .
uhh	i 'm no detective but ... uhh ... seriously ?!?
bodice	somehow , since she supposedly does n't know any names of designers / dresses , after i told her the designer and dress name of the one i was comparing , she knew " exactly which dress " i was referring to and disagreed with my observation ; she said that the bodice did come as low as the one i had on .
dishonest	i felt very much like wedding gallery was being dishonest and i would n't trust them to lace me up in another gown let alone trust them with the gown i will wear on the most important day of my life .	there are a couple decent people working there , but the rest are very dishonest , as well as rude , i have yet to hear the truth come out of their mouths .
sear's	after happily visiting sear's automotives in the past , i was shocked at the horrible service received at their greensboro location .	i waited about 20 minutes in the store part before anyone was able to assist me and was then told to pull my car into the shop ( that is apparently what you are supposed to do , but the big signs pointing you that way are for some reason kept inside the garage , so you do n't see them drving up , and they purposely block the front pull - up that all other sear's use ) .	the employees at this sear's are completely apathetic and there did n't seem to be any sort of management that i could see .
automotives	after happily visiting sear's automotives in the past , i was shocked at the horrible service received at their greensboro location .
drving	i waited about 20 minutes in the store part before anyone was able to assist me and was then told to pull my car into the shop ( that is apparently what you are supposed to do , but the big signs pointing you that way are for some reason kept inside the garage , so you do n't see them drving up , and they purposely block the front pull - up that all other sear's use ) .
riiight	of course , they could n't call him either to ask about it because apparently they do n't keep their employees ' phone numbers ( riiight ) , so i would have to return on monday ( driving for 3 days now with no wheel lock should i get a flat ) .
apathetic	the employees at this sear's are completely apathetic and there did n't seem to be any sort of management that i could see .
jurists	president bush on tuesday nominated two individuals to replace retiring jurists on federal courts in the washington area .
steffen	bush nominated jennifer m. anderson for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the superior court of the district of columbia , replacing steffen w. graae .
graae	bush nominated jennifer m. anderson for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the superior court of the district of columbia , replacing steffen w. graae .
anketell	bush also nominated a. noel anketell kramer for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the district of columbia court of appeals , replacing john montague steadman .
steadman	bush also nominated a. noel anketell kramer for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the district of columbia court of appeals , replacing john montague steadman .
israelians	he could be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons , since he founded and he is the spiritual leader of hamas , but they did n't .
succesfull	nervous people make mistakes , so i suppose there will be a wave of succesfull arab attacks .
c'est	a la guerre c'est comme a la guerre !
comme	gore released a statement friday taking bush to task for his comments on pakistan 's recent coup .	" further , i find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly after voicing his public opposition to the comprehensive test ban treaty .	a spokesman for president clinton also criticized bush 's comments .	the daily star publishes this commentary in agreement with agence global	i recommend to you , even though most of you do not understand arabic , to watch al jazeera , from time to time .	i do not want to comment here on whether the american - led attack on iraq was justified from the point of view of weapons of mass destruction or any other pre-war argument , but i can look at the post-war map of western asia .	at least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts william patrick and kenneth alibek , under the optimal method , there is no electrostatic charge .	a senior doj official reports that adnan has experience as a commercial pilot .	please see my comments in red below .	can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization ?	please see my comments in red below .	can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization ?	i am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the analyst presentation in by sunday night so i may be working over lunch .	mark , i thought you would enjoy the comment about you .	i am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the analyst presentation in by sunday night so i may be working over lunch .	i can recommend some good restaurants since i took ric there last year for his birthday .	fyi / review / comment	the last i knew after you and brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated ( shona took this to do after brent 's return to houston ) for comments to all business controllers .	thanks for the comment on the hearing .	the plain fact is that a few members of it are pushing this initiative , but they lack commercial sponsorship .	if you have any questions or comments , please advise .	these have been compared against the draft dated 11/8/2000 , and include ena 's accepted changes per your ( a ) faxed comments transmitted to ena on january 5 , 2001 , and ( b ) e-mail comments transmitted to ena on january 19th , 2001 .	we have had no contact with the ena / enron mexico commercial or legal people and i do n't want to bust any structuring goals .	here is the link to the latest commercial laptops on the market , i will follow up with the consumer models .	can you offer comments / concerns / guidelines ?	i looked at the uecomm master and had some comments -- such as our name is wrong , the cross default threshold for us should be us $ and not aud , and there were a few other questions i had .	attached are uecomm 's final comments to the master agreement .	i am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for pemex that you provided to lucy ortiz .	please do not hesitate to contact either francisco pinto - leite or me with any questions or comments .	we look forward to hearing your comments .	attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty , which reflect our comments .	please do not hesitate to contact either francisco pinto - leite , senior counsel ( 713/345-7942 ; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com ) or me with any questions or comments .
baqubah	in the eastern city of baqubah , guerrillas detonated a car bomb outside a police station , killing several people .
habbaniyah	the us lost yet another helicopter to hostile fire near habbaniyah in the sunni heartland , but this time the crew was safe .
yound	in fallujah , hundreds of demonstrators came out against us troops when they briefly arrested a yound newlywed bride .
newlywed	in fallujah , hundreds of demonstrators came out against us troops when they briefly arrested a yound newlywed bride .
tradeoff	( i hope that the us army got an enormous amount of information from her relatives , because otherwise this move was a bad , bad tradeoff ) .
miniscule	google has finally had an analyst day -- a chance to present the company 's story to the ( miniscule number of ) people who have n't heard it .	important news such as president bush 's miniscule calibrations on his marriage amendment / anti-gay ( update : he 's not against gays in the bedroom , just at the altar , where of course their relationships should not only be frowned upon but should be constitutionally excluded ) has pushed sudan not just off the front pages , or the a section , but out of the ny times and washington post completely .
suckups	usually , these are just a chance for the suckups to suck up , but this time people are actually concerned about the company 's plans .
freewheeling	it 's not quite as freewheeling an environment as you 'd imagine : sergey brin has actually created a mathematical ' proof ' that the company 's self - driven research strategy , which gives employees one day a week to do research projects on their own , is a good , respectable idea .
punchline	read the entire article ; there 's a punchline , too .
newsday	( newsday.com )	my opinion piece on the implications of arafat 's passing for al - qaeda has appeared at newsday .
supple	this financing activity was primarily started to help ena secure long term well head and pipeline natural gas supplies to supplement the gas trading desk activities .	prices listed , however , are usually based on two people in a cabin , and you will likely face some high " single supplement " costs in addition .	" arafat 's secular nationalism was supple enough to compromise with israel and to imagine a two - state solution , even if the road of negotiations remained rocky .	currently , i am writing a book on natural supplements to aid weight loss , with harry preuss , md , a professor of medicine at georgetown university ; it is scheduled for publication by broadway ( random house ) in january 2007 .	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .	if you 've successfully used any of these supplement to aid weight loss , please write me at gottlie...@yahoo.com and let me know , telling me about your experience .	where to buy bodybuilding supplements in delhi ?	do n't forget to use a calcium supplement twice a week ; captive reptiles are prone to calcium deficiency .
derail	the derailing of the oslo peace process by the hard - line policies of sharon and the palestinian intifada has encouraged suicide bombings .	the continued israeli colonization of the occupied palestinian territories during the 1990s helped , along with terrorist attacks by radical groups such as hamas , to derail the peace process , which sharon had always opposed .
reinvigorate	if the israelis and the palestinian leadership can not find a way to reinvigorate the peace process , cells of radical young palestinians may grow up that look to bin laden for their cues .
qaida	even if local palestinian leaders remain strong enough to keep al - qaida out , the festering israeli - palestinian struggle remains among the best recruiting posters for al - qaida with young muslim men .
festering	even if local palestinian leaders remain strong enough to keep al - qaida out , the festering israeli - palestinian struggle remains among the best recruiting posters for al - qaida with young muslim men .
xinhua	xinhua reports that a wide range of iraqi political forces on tuesday condemned sharon 's murder of sheikh ahmed yassin , a religious leader of hamas , the day before .	xinhua alleged that " many of the iraqis , who suffer the american occupation of iraq , relate their case with that of the palestinian people , under the israeli occupation . "
muqtada	radical shiite cleric muqtada al - sadr said the attack was " criminal " and that " the zionists have left only one choice for the arabs , that of fighting and jihad " .	the coalition decision to provoke a fight with muqtada al - sadr 's movement only three months before the coalition provisional authority goes out of business has to be seen as a form of gross incompetence in governance .	so i may as well just come out with it : it is pretty suspicious , given the neocon predominance in the cpa and in the upper reaches of the defense department that on april 2 ap reported of muqtada :	" i have said and i repeat my expression of solidarity which hassan nasrallah called for to stand with hamas , " shiite cleric muqtada al - sadr said friday in a reference to nasrallah , the leader of the militant lebanese shiite group hezbollah .
zionists	radical shiite cleric muqtada al - sadr said the attack was " criminal " and that " the zionists have left only one choice for the arabs , that of fighting and jihad " .
communique	the interim governing council issued a communique saying , " it is a proof of the emptiness of the israeli authority and a destruction of the peace endeavors in the region . . .	in a communique , the ams said that for iraqis to take part with " raiding forces " in the assault on a city , the population of which is muslim ( such as fallujah ) would be considered the most mortal of mortal sins .
trainees	in an apparently unrelated incidents , some eleven iraqis were killed by snipers on tuesday , including a group of police trainees in a bus near hilla and two police in kirkuk .
hilla	in an apparently unrelated incidents , some eleven iraqis were killed by snipers on tuesday , including a group of police trainees in a bus near hilla and two police in kirkuk .
kirkuk	in an apparently unrelated incidents , some eleven iraqis were killed by snipers on tuesday , including a group of police trainees in a bus near hilla and two police in kirkuk .
ipo	ever since the first whispers about google 's ipo , most investors have feared that the stock would come public at such a ridiculously high price that , even with a spectacularly profitable business model and some nearly flawless execution , the price would be too high for investors to make a real profit .
ridiculously	ever since the first whispers about google 's ipo , most investors have feared that the stock would come public at such a ridiculously high price that , even with a spectacularly profitable business model and some nearly flawless execution , the price would be too high for investors to make a real profit .
spectacularly	ever since the first whispers about google 's ipo , most investors have feared that the stock would come public at such a ridiculously high price that , even with a spectacularly profitable business model and some nearly flawless execution , the price would be too high for investors to make a real profit .
overstating	that 's overstating it , i know .
laudatory	simplicity gave it that blessed , laudatory lack of clutter , the efficient and effective text - based ads , and the support of anyone with a dial - up connection .
clutter	simplicity gave it that blessed , laudatory lack of clutter , the efficient and effective text - based ads , and the support of anyone with a dial - up connection .
fewest	the problem is that customers attracted by a simple interface are among the least loyal you can find -- witness the fight - for - fewest - features between low - end camera companies .
gmail	as the survey cited in the above - linked article shows , most google users do n't intend to use gmail , and google is n't even as popular as yahoo! and aol .	( you do n't need to use their site , you can opt - out of sharing your information , you do n't need to send stuff to anyone with a gmail account , and if -- wonder of wonders -- you 're worried that you might send something to someone who would forward an excerpt to someone who would then store it on a gmail account ... you have far , far too much time on your hands ) .
aol	as the survey cited in the above - linked article shows , most google users do n't intend to use gmail , and google is n't even as popular as yahoo! and aol .
cartoonists	now iran wants to turn the tables and is inviting cartoonists to do their best by depicting the holocaust .
afp	tehran ( afp ) -
caricatures	an international contest of cartoons on the holocaust opened in tehran in response to the publication in western papers last september of caricatures of the prophet mohammed .
westerners	" we staged this fair to explore the limits of freedom westerners believe in , " masoud shojai , head of the country 's " iran cartoon " association and the fair organizer , said .
masoud	" we staged this fair to explore the limits of freedom westerners believe in , " masoud shojai , head of the country 's " iran cartoon " association and the fair organizer , said .
shojai	" we staged this fair to explore the limits of freedom westerners believe in , " masoud shojai , head of the country 's " iran cartoon " association and the fair organizer , said .	shojai told the opening ceremony of the month - long fair in tehran 's palestine contemporary art museum .
1,100	he added that around 1,100 cartoons were submitted by participants from more than 60 countries and that more than 200 are on show .
12,000	he said the top three cartoons will be announced on september 2 , with the winners being awarded prizes of 12,000 , 8,000 and 5,000 dollars respectively .
8,000	floating amount = ( notional quantity per calculation period x floating price ) - usd [ 38,000 ? ]	" other provisions : on each payment date , [ ena ] shall pay [ a fee of ] [ an amount equal to ] usd { 38,000 ? ] , which amount shall be subject to the netting provisions of the [ master agreement - how do you refer to the agreement ? ] "	floating amount = ( notional quantity per calculation period x floating price ) - usd [ 38,000 ? ]	he said the top three cartoons will be announced on september 2 , with the winners being awarded prizes of 12,000 , 8,000 and 5,000 dollars respectively .	shuttle veteran and longtime nasa executive fred gregory is temporarily at the helm of the 18,000 - person agency .
noncombatants	the fallujah fighting has killed fair numbers of iraqi noncombatants , including shaikh abdul wahhab al - janabi of the respected association of muslim scholars .
wahhab	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .	the fallujah fighting has killed fair numbers of iraqi noncombatants , including shaikh abdul wahhab al - janabi of the respected association of muslim scholars .	because usamah is saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the wahhabi school of islam that predominates among saudia 's some 15 million citizens .
janabi	the fallujah fighting has killed fair numbers of iraqi noncombatants , including shaikh abdul wahhab al - janabi of the respected association of muslim scholars .
baiji	armed clashes broke out in several northern iraqi cities on wednesday , leaving some 22 persons dead in mosul , baiji , and tuz .
tuz	armed clashes broke out in several northern iraqi cities on wednesday , leaving some 22 persons dead in mosul , baiji , and tuz .
huwaijah	hundreds of persons mounted demonstrations against the fallujah campaign in tikrit and huwaijah , as well , according to az - zaman .
iyad	guerrillas threatened to assassinate prime minister iyad allawi and minister of defense hazem shaalan in retaliation for the attack .
hazem	guerrillas threatened to assassinate prime minister iyad allawi and minister of defense hazem shaalan in retaliation for the attack .
shaalan	guerrillas threatened to assassinate prime minister iyad allawi and minister of defense hazem shaalan in retaliation for the attack .
behead	allawi 's aged cousin and the man 's wife and daughter - in - law were abducted and guerrillas threaten to behead them if the fallujah compaign is not stopped .	on the next two pictures he took screenshots of two beheading video's .
compaign	allawi 's aged cousin and the man 's wife and daughter - in - law were abducted and guerrillas threaten to behead them if the fallujah compaign is not stopped .
samarra	if samarra and other cities are any guide , those pockets of resistance could go on bedeviling the us for some time to come .	these have been sighted among iraqi crowds on haifa street in baghdad and in samarra .
bedeviling	if samarra and other cities are any guide , those pockets of resistance could go on bedeviling the us for some time to come .
nyt	they do n't know anything about ball pythons .	before you buy anything in ny , make sure you stop by jack -s first .	the manager came over and said he was sorry and gave a new batch of wings , he said we ca nt really do anything because the doors are always opening and closing .	the intrepid ed wong of the nyt has more on the sunni boycott of the elections .
wavering	he reports that the iraqi islamic party , which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the sunni vote , is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation .
bode	http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/abode-large-metal-cage-liberta-free-delivery-p-6679.html	the outbreak of demonstrations and violence throughout the sunni arab regions on wednesday did not bode well for sunni participation in the january elections .
unconfirmed	for some black satire on fallujah , see unconfirmed sources which has some fun with my weblog .
weblog	for some black satire on fallujah , see unconfirmed sources which has some fun with my weblog .
arial	arial photos , loose connections to aq kahn and libya make up the evidence that the group presented .	arial photos of the lab were uranium is being enriched , somewhat like those of chemical weapons stockpiles in iraq .
aq	a faq on the azzam publications website explained that " in the hearts of green birds " refers to what is inside .	this name was formed by using comp , for computer , and paq to denote a small integral object .	arial photos , loose connections to aq kahn and libya make up the evidence that the group presented .
posses	even zawahiri 's attorney in 1999 said that bin laden and zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior al qaeda leaders faced .	we are the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torturing , the disenfranchised convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployed and unemployable .	after the devil began his devastating job from the ghostly " devil 's island " through his nine main puppets ( beatles - rolling stones ) , he possessed an endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned island and weakening their conscience with drugs , he made them proclaimers of homosexuality , aversion to religion , destruction of family values , dissipation , mental illness , antisocialism , etc. , etc. ,	syria also possesses one of the largest arsenals of ballistic missiles in the region , comprised primarily of scud - derived systems .	the us has strongly opposed a nuclear weapons program of iran , yet israel , which to this day has never officially said that they posses nuclear weapons , ranks around fifth in nuclear strength .
deja	the case against iran has a feeling of deja vu .
sooooo	sooooo .
evacuates	the united states goes into a war zone and evacuates a bunch of u.s. citizens ( most of whom were " dual - citizens " ) .
eschewing	then , eschewing normal procedure , the department of state waived the fees that they charge for evacuating u.s. citizen .
evacuating	then , eschewing normal procedure , the department of state waived the fees that they charge for evacuating u.s. citizen .
pander	to pander to the mythical " arab street " , of course .
mired	in other words , those americans were there by their own choice , mired in a situation that was totally predictable .
suing	in late september 2001 , it was announced that the president was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists .	i know we talked about these issues earlier , but tiger 's lawyers want to get everything agreed in writing now so final docs can be issued for signing , even if we are the one's issuing the gtee and l/c .	pursuing a successful career , along with the usual social and financial advantages , will be easier this year than it has in a long time for you , leo !	the american - arab discrimination committee is suing condoleeza rice and donald rumsfeld , charging that they mismanaged the evacuation efforts .	someone in the cpa sat down and thought up ways to stir them up by closing their newspaper and issuing 28 arrest warrants and taking in people like yaqubi .
mismanaged	the american - arab discrimination committee is suing condoleeza rice and donald rumsfeld , charging that they mismanaged the evacuation efforts .
chahine	nina chahine , 19 , who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said her wedding in the southern city of tyre was set for july 13 .	" we were on the road and the first bridge was bombed and we drove home and all the other bridges were bombed and there was absolutely no way for us to get home , " chahine told reporters outside federal court in detroit .	chahine said her immediate family spent about $ 20,000 to return to detroit via syria and jordan .
counter-attack	here 's a tip : do n't get married in countries that house illegal militias that attack other countries and hence are likely to come under counter-attack !
loathe	though i am loathe to quote other writers at legnth in this space , this little bit from dan froomkin 's " white house briefing " column in the washpost today is just too good to pass up ( read the whole column here ) :
legnth	though i am loathe to quote other writers at legnth in this space , this little bit from dan froomkin 's " white house briefing " column in the washpost today is just too good to pass up ( read the whole column here ) :
froomkin	though i am loathe to quote other writers at legnth in this space , this little bit from dan froomkin 's " white house briefing " column in the washpost today is just too good to pass up ( read the whole column here ) :
washpost	though i am loathe to quote other writers at legnth in this space , this little bit from dan froomkin 's " white house briefing " column in the washpost today is just too good to pass up ( read the whole column here ) :
speculating	i 'm just speculating now .
horseman	but if -- there 's a painting on the wall in the oval office that shows a horseman charging up a steep cliff , and there are at least two other horsemen following .
w.h.s.	it 's a western scene by a guy named w.h.s. koerner called ' a charge to keep . '
koerner	it 's a western scene by a guy named w.h.s. koerner called ' a charge to keep . '
o'neill	it 's on loan , by the way , from a guy named joe o'neill in midland , texas .
filibuster	this is not a filibuster .
methodists	laura and i are methodists .
rambling	now that 's a rambling response .
developiong	there has been random speculation about google developiong a new browser and / or acquiring firefox .
firefox	there has been random speculation about google developiong a new browser and / or acquiring firefox .	they have acquired urchin , zipdash , applied semantics , picasa , blogger , and satellite imaging company keyhole , so why not firefox ?	i have no inside information , but i have been following links today that strongly indicate that google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in firefox .	ben goodger is the lead engineer for mozilla firefox .	my role with firefox and the mozilla project will remain largely unchanged , i will continue doing much the same work as i have described above - with the new goal of successful 1.1 , 1.5 and 2.0 releases .	i remain devoted full - time to the advancement of firefox , the mozilla platform and web browsing in general .	in this case , following the talent leads me to think that google will be making an announcement this year that formalizes the google - mozilla / firefox relationship .	just one small commment - it 's not possible , as far as i know , for google to " aquire " firefox .	i 'm inclined to say that google is doing what they can to both shape and support the growth of the most popular non-microsoft browser out there - by taking on the leading lights in firefox development , they 're ensuring the continued life of the project , and ensuring ( not that i think they need to ) that their voice will be heard admidst the higher echelons of the firefox development team .
urchin	they have acquired urchin , zipdash , applied semantics , picasa , blogger , and satellite imaging company keyhole , so why not firefox ?
zipdash	they have acquired urchin , zipdash , applied semantics , picasa , blogger , and satellite imaging company keyhole , so why not firefox ?
keyhole	they have acquired urchin , zipdash , applied semantics , picasa , blogger , and satellite imaging company keyhole , so why not firefox ?
goodger	ben goodger is the lead engineer for mozilla firefox .
mozilla	ben goodger is the lead engineer for mozilla firefox .	as of january 10 , 2005 , my source of income changed from the mozilla foundation to google , inc. of mountain view , california .	my role with firefox and the mozilla project will remain largely unchanged , i will continue doing much the same work as i have described above - with the new goal of successful 1.1 , 1.5 and 2.0 releases .	i remain devoted full - time to the advancement of firefox , the mozilla platform and web browsing in general .	like ben , i will still be very much involved with the mozilla project and community :-)	brian has been one of the most crucial elements to the success of mozilla software over the past few years , ...	in this case , following the talent leads me to think that google will be making an announcement this year that formalizes the google - mozilla / firefox relationship .	this message was cancelled from within mozilla .
browsing	i remain devoted full - time to the advancement of firefox , the mozilla platform and web browsing in general .
darin	welcome darin !	i just want to extend a big " welcome ! " to darin darin fisher who joined me at google this week .	darin fisher wrote this response on january 25 , 2005 :
annoucement	following on the heels of ben 's annoucement yesterday , i thought i 'd post that i have joined google as well .
ryner	i want to use this opportunity to welcome brian ryner to google !
adage	now , none of this has been confirmed by google at the present time , but it 's an old adage that you follow the money to see who is behind something .
formalizes	in this case , following the talent leads me to think that google will be making an announcement this year that formalizes the google - mozilla / firefox relationship .
mcleran	if you have not already seen the flash movie epic , you should take a few minutes and view the future history of media as conceived by robin sloan and matt thompson , with music by aaron mcleran .
googlezon	in this movie google and amazon ( googlezon ) create a brave new world of media in 2008 .
provoking	this is one thought - provoking film .	i do n't hear from you in months and then you level me with such a thought provoking , soul searching article .
commment	just one small commment - it 's not possible , as far as i know , for google to " aquire " firefox .
aquire	just one small commment - it 's not possible , as far as i know , for google to " aquire " firefox .
non-microsoft	i 'm inclined to say that google is doing what they can to both shape and support the growth of the most popular non-microsoft browser out there - by taking on the leading lights in firefox development , they 're ensuring the continued life of the project , and ensuring ( not that i think they need to ) that their voice will be heard admidst the higher echelons of the firefox development team .
admidst	i 'm inclined to say that google is doing what they can to both shape and support the growth of the most popular non-microsoft browser out there - by taking on the leading lights in firefox development , they 're ensuring the continued life of the project , and ensuring ( not that i think they need to ) that their voice will be heard admidst the higher echelons of the firefox development team .
echelons	i 'm inclined to say that google is doing what they can to both shape and support the growth of the most popular non-microsoft browser out there - by taking on the leading lights in firefox development , they 're ensuring the continued life of the project , and ensuring ( not that i think they need to ) that their voice will be heard admidst the higher echelons of the firefox development team .
enlightened	it 's this sort of enlightened self interest that keeps large open source projects alive .
malach	malach , what you say makes sense .
mis-matches	it probably gives more bang for the buck than acquiring a private company and having to handle the inevitable culture clashes and process mis-matches .
insurgencies	where it risks fighting dual sunni arab and shiite insurgencies simultaneously , at a time when us troops are rotating on a massive scale and hoping to downsize their forces in country ?
downsize	where it risks fighting dual sunni arab and shiite insurgencies simultaneously , at a time when us troops are rotating on a massive scale and hoping to downsize their forces in country ?
contingents	at a time when the spanish , thai and other contingents are already committed to leaving , and the un is reluctant to get involved ?
neoconservatives	rumsfeld , wolfowitz and feith staffed the cpa with neoconservatives , most of whom had no administrative experience , no arabic , and no respect for muslim culture ( or knowledge about it ) .
warrick	they actively excluded state department iraq hands like tom warrick .
arabists	( only recently have a few experienced state department arabists been allowed in to try to begin mopping up the mess . )
mopping	( only recently have a few experienced state department arabists been allowed in to try to begin mopping up the mess . )
zelikow	sept. 11 commission member philip zelikow , who is close to the bush administration , admitted on sept. 10 , 2002 , that the ulterior motive of the bush administration for the iraq war was to " protect israel , " according to the asian times .
trenchant	i have long been a trenchant critic of the sadrists .
sadrists	i have long been a trenchant critic of the sadrists .
yaqubi	someone in the cpa sat down and thought up ways to stir them up by closing their newspaper and issuing 28 arrest warrants and taking in people like yaqubi .
fallacy	there is a classical logical fallacy , post hoc ergo propter hoc ( z happens after x , therefore z is caused by x ) , and i keep revising this posting this evening because i do n't want to fall into it .
ergo	<< after having written so far , don martin decoud , the exotic dandy of the parisian boulevard , got up and walked across the sanded floor of the cafe at one end of the albergo of united italy , kept by giorgio viola , the old companion of garibaldi .	there is a classical logical fallacy , post hoc ergo propter hoc ( z happens after x , therefore z is caused by x ) , and i keep revising this posting this evening because i do n't want to fall into it .	can ever & never forget the training undergone here which made my life step onto the successful job without any hurdles .
propter	there is a classical logical fallacy , post hoc ergo propter hoc ( z happens after x , therefore z is caused by x ) , and i keep revising this posting this evening because i do n't want to fall into it .
neocon	rumsfeld , wolfowitz and feith staffed the cpa with neoconservatives , most of whom had no administrative experience , no arabic , and no respect for muslim culture ( or knowledge about it ) .	the neocons in the cpa have all sorts of ulterior motives and social experiments they want to impose on the iraqi people , including polish - style economic shock therapy , some sort of sweetheart deal for israel , and maybe even breaking the country up into three parts .	the washington monthly 's who 's who of neocons in iraq helps explain the extreme incompetence and possibly double - dealing of many in the cpa .	so i may as well just come out with it : it is pretty suspicious , given the neocon predominance in the cpa and in the upper reaches of the defense department that on april 2 ap reported of muqtada :
predominance	so i may as well just come out with it : it is pretty suspicious , given the neocon predominance in the cpa and in the upper reaches of the defense department that on april 2 ap reported of muqtada :
nasrallah	" i have said and i repeat my expression of solidarity which hassan nasrallah called for to stand with hamas , " shiite cleric muqtada al - sadr said friday in a reference to nasrallah , the leader of the militant lebanese shiite group hezbollah .	last month , nasrallah announced that his party would close ranks with hamas .
kufa	" let ( hamas ) consider me their striking arm in iraq because the fate of iraq and palestine is the same , " al - sadr said during a friday prayer sermon in kufa , his home base south of baghdad .
najaf	and on april 3 his chief aide in najaf was suddenly arrested along with 13 other members of his organization , and the coalition forces are put into violent conflict with his organization , which leaves 7 us soldiers dead .	the sunni ams told iraqis , " you sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the assault on najaf , and beware lest you repeat this same sin in fallujah .	the convergence of views among the more militant sunni muslim clerics of ams and the radical shiites of the sadr movement has been seen before , last spring during the initial us assault on fallujah and during the us attack on mahdi army militiamen in najaf .
shadid	anthony shadid of the washington post reveals that the warrants for the arrests had been issued months be for .
kenneally	i was thinking kenneally 's at around 5 .
303-832-8160	call them at 303-832-8160 .
peder	in fact peder and i were remarking on how agreeable they all are as the sucked on our balls last night .
remarking	in fact peder and i were remarking on how agreeable they all are as the sucked on our balls last night .
bitches	fucking bitches ! "
foward	i am not looking foward to that but do n't tell val .
asses	any thorough assessment of the impact of the iraq war and its aftermath on israel 's security environment must , therefore , closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare .	after asking me which tribe i belong to ( thus assessing my sectarian background ) he started hurling abuses at the shia , calling them persians , majoos ( fire worshippers ) , rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that i ca n't mention here .	the route from kalikhola in bhutan to cox 's bazar passes through northern bengal , assam and meghalaya , and on into chittagong .	also , i 'm quite clear on the fact that those in power now ( and , in general , most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure ) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the masses .	the referenced tagg # was entered as a ' new counterparty ' , can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure .	for example , i am concerned when i buy the monthly bus passes and i have to fill in my ss number .	hbs will shadow enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period .	" i grabbed my glasses and my knife and unzipped my tent and headed out . "	pew researchers looked at about 40 studies that could provide an assessment of whether climate was affecting biology .	arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the end of the 21st century , the assessment found , with some models predicting complete disappearance of summer sea ice .	according to the citizenship and immigration canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it states " note : you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing . "	just put the rat in a sealed tupperwear container with no airholes and wait until it passes out and dies and then feed it .	you could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .	try obedience classes .	it may be shirtsleeves and sunglasses in february , but winter woollies in march and even during the summer .	the classes cover all age and skill ranges , with ballroom , latin , sequence , street , disco , line dancing , ballet , tap & jazz .	actually working out there was good - the machines are nice and the classes are fun .	the equipment and classes are n't good enough to deal with the rudeness from the staff !!!	no wine glasses .	i think they could get their asses kicked by cats .	i meant to comment that i thought the people profiled in the article should pull their heads out of their self important asses .	frequent travelers and executives are among the masses that get a lot of discount in the airfare .	the overwhelming human and financial impacts of hurricane katrina are powerful evidence that political and economic decisions made in the united states and other countries have failed to account for our dependence on a healthy resource base , according to an assessment released today by the worldwatch institute .
doberman	they look like they were doberman pinchers who were shrunk .
pinchers	they look like they were doberman pinchers who were shrunk .
shrunk	they look like they were doberman pinchers who were shrunk .
cocker	you should get a cocker spaniel .	cocker spaniels are retarded .
spaniel	you should get a cocker spaniel .	cocker spaniels are retarded .
b/c	no , i am not kidding and no i do n't want it b/c of the taco bell dog .	i want it b/c it is really small and cute .	do you think they are cool b/c of the taco bell dog ?	by the way , buy it now b/c it is going to 100 by year end .	houston wo n't be too affected b/c most of the layoffs affect satelite offices .	i need to now get a job at house of pies b/c that is the only way to pay the bills .
spahnn	" les spahnn " < spahnn@hnks.com >
spahnn@hnks.com	" les spahnn " < spahnn@hnks.com >
08:02	02/13/2001 08:02 pm
expeditiously	it is my understanding , from good sources in the gov s office that the gov will order loretta lynch to expeditiously implement the provision to suspend all parties auhtority to enter into direct access contracts .	the premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .
auhtority	it is my understanding , from good sources in the gov s office that the gov will order loretta lynch to expeditiously implement the provision to suspend all parties auhtority to enter into direct access contracts .
administartion	the premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .
accenture	kevin a. boone accenture -- houston consultant -- energy ( octel ) 713.837.1638 ( client ) 281.848.1619 ( c ) 713.306.7940 ( h ) 713.864.4149 kevin.a.boone@accenture.com
octel	kevin a. boone accenture -- houston consultant -- energy ( octel ) 713.837.1638 ( client ) 281.848.1619 ( c ) 713.306.7940 ( h ) 713.864.4149 kevin.a.boone@accenture.com
713.837.1638	kevin a. boone accenture -- houston consultant -- energy ( octel ) 713.837.1638 ( client ) 281.848.1619 ( c ) 713.306.7940 ( h ) 713.864.4149 kevin.a.boone@accenture.com
281.848.1619	kevin a. boone accenture -- houston consultant -- energy ( octel ) 713.837.1638 ( client ) 281.848.1619 ( c ) 713.306.7940 ( h ) 713.864.4149 kevin.a.boone@accenture.com
713.306.7940	kevin a. boone accenture -- houston consultant -- energy ( octel ) 713.837.1638 ( client ) 281.848.1619 ( c ) 713.306.7940 ( h ) 713.864.4149 kevin.a.boone@accenture.com
713.864.4149	kevin a. boone accenture -- houston consultant -- energy ( octel ) 713.837.1638 ( client ) 281.848.1619 ( c ) 713.306.7940 ( h ) 713.864.4149 kevin.a.boone@accenture.com
kevin.a.boone@accenture.com	kevin a. boone accenture -- houston consultant -- energy ( octel ) 713.837.1638 ( client ) 281.848.1619 ( c ) 713.306.7940 ( h ) 713.864.4149 kevin.a.boone@accenture.com
http://www.accenture.com	our web address is http://www.accenture.com
lenhart	" lenhart , matthew "
perverted	what do you mean i am perverted ?	whatever , you 're the perverted old man .
appetitie	i satisfy your appetitie for lovin .
lovin	perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the ' church - morality ' crowd , which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor , but does n't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation .	but we can be very thankful to have such great parents and to have had the privilege to have been raised in such loving homes .	we can grow in our capacity to be human - to be loving - in a family unit .	we insist that no one , especially the state , is allowed to coerce people into marriage or bar two consenting adults , whether of the same or differing genders , from forming the family unit that lets them be more fully loving , thus more fully human .	right now , while we 're sitting at our computers enjoying the internet , those innocent , beautiful , loving cats , are dying , somewhere in this troubled world a slow , agonizing death .	he might never be a cuddly , loving , tame bird , but you can still have a friendly bond .	i always leave loving my hair style .	anna marie and govind are very sweet people , and the minute you steep into their school , the calm loving atmosphere takes over , and tension and worries stay outside in the street , whether or not you pick them up again after class is probably a question of practice .	now i have to be in the area to get some lovin' : sad face :	unless you want to take the " tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she 's obviously not loving " approach which will likely get you ... uh ... nowhere .	i satisfy your appetitie for lovin .	" ... there is no companion quite so devoted , so communicative , so loving and so mesmerizing as a rat . "	needs good family in houston or surronding area , needs lots of attention , very loving .	" ... there is no companion quite so devoted , so communicative , so loving and so mesmerizing as a rat . "
bryngelson@azurix	robert bryngelson@azurix
12:05	08/16/2000 12:05 pm
azurix	today is my last day in the office here at azurix , and in the coming months , i will start in a new position as svp in the lng development group at el paso energy .	i enjoyed working with all of you during the past five years at enron / azurix , and i wish you all of the best .
svp	today is my last day in the office here at azurix , and in the coming months , i will start in a new position as svp in the lng development group at el paso energy .	for those of you who already sent us an rsvp response recently , please disregard .
robbrnglsn@aol.com	i do n't have any contact information yet for my new job , but if you want to reach me , you can do so at robbrnglsn@aol.com or at 713-664-7478 .
713-664-7478	i do n't have any contact information yet for my new job , but if you want to reach me , you can do so at robbrnglsn@aol.com or at 713-664-7478 .
bryngelson	robert bryngelson@azurix	rob bryngelson
scudeiros	ps -- there is a happy hour tonight at scudeiros on dallas street ( just west of the met garage ) beginning around 5:00 .
traci	traci warner@enron communications on 08/16/2000 03:14:14 pm	traci	traci warner enron broadband services , inc. phone ( 713 ) 853-3242 cell ( 713 ) 705-7201	traci ,	traci	traci ,
warner@enron	traci warner@enron communications on 08/16/2000 03:14:14 pm
03:14:14	traci warner@enron communications on 08/16/2000 03:14:14 pm
elyse	steve , rod and elyse -
4054	we will meeting rod 's office eb 4054
853-3242	traci warner enron broadband services , inc. phone ( 713 ) 853-3242 cell ( 713 ) 705-7201
705-7201	traci warner enron broadband services , inc. phone ( 713 ) 853-3242 cell ( 713 ) 705-7201
04/26/2001	04/26/2001 07:17 am
07:17	04/26/2001 07:17 am
blanks	will you be providing an execution version with questions removed / blanks filled in ?	as you can see there are several blanks concerning administrative information for ena upstream .	caveat : subject to credit review even though there are blanks .
kent.shoemaker@ae.ge.com	please send it directly to kent.shoemaker@ae.ge.com , copy to me .
paulhastings.com	" paulhastings.com " made the following annotations on 04/25/01 12:42:55	our new domain name is paulhastings.com .	in most cases , our address is composed of conventional first name and last name plus @paulhastings.com .	here are two examples : janesmith@paulhastings.com and danjones@paulhastings.com .	if you have any questions , please contact us at noc@paulhastings.com .	john staikos direct dial :? 203.961.7523 direct fax :? 203.674.7723 e-mail :? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com
annotations	" paulhastings.com " made the following annotations on 04/25/01 12:42:55
04/25/01	" paulhastings.com " made the following annotations on 04/25/01 12:42:55
12:42:55	" paulhastings.com " made the following annotations on 04/25/01 12:42:55
@paulhastings.com	in most cases , our address is composed of conventional first name and last name plus @paulhastings.com .	here are two examples : janesmith@paulhastings.com and danjones@paulhastings.com .	if you have any questions , please contact us at noc@paulhastings.com .	john staikos direct dial :? 203.961.7523 direct fax :? 203.674.7723 e-mail :? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com
janesmith@paulhastings.com	here are two examples : janesmith@paulhastings.com and danjones@paulhastings.com .
danjones@paulhastings.com	here are two examples : janesmith@paulhastings.com and danjones@paulhastings.com .
noc@paulhastings.com	if you have any questions , please contact us at noc@paulhastings.com .
==============================================================================	==============================================================================	==============================================================================
retransmission	any review , retransmission , dissemination or other use of , or taking of any action in reliance upon , this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited .
______________________	____________________________________________________	__________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	___________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	______________________	_________________________________________________________________	_____________________________________________	_____________________________________________	__________________________________________________
staikos	john staikos direct dial :? 203.961.7523 direct fax :? 203.674.7723 e-mail :? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com
:?	john staikos direct dial :? 203.961.7523 direct fax :? 203.674.7723 e-mail :? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com
203.961.7523	john staikos direct dial :? 203.961.7523 direct fax :? 203.674.7723 e-mail :? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com
203.674.7723	john staikos direct dial :? 203.961.7523 direct fax :? 203.674.7723 e-mail :? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com
johnstaikos@paulhastings.com	john staikos direct dial :? 203.961.7523 direct fax :? 203.674.7723 e-mail :? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com
47k202!.doc	- 47k202!.doc
11:21	08/17/2000 11:21 am	01/24/2001 11:21 am
garcey	i spoke to bruce garcey at nimo regarding their rfp .
nimo	i spoke to bruce garcey at nimo regarding their rfp .	bruce indicated nimo short listed five companies who all bid higher than ena .	he also said that the other five companies making the short list all proposed alternative structures to the proposed nimo tier structure .	nimo released an additional rfp for peaking supplies for this winter , i believe phil should have or be getting that rfp .
rfp	i spoke to bruce garcey at nimo regarding their rfp .	nimo released an additional rfp for peaking supplies for this winter , i believe phil should have or be getting that rfp .
griffith@enron	john griffith@enron
08/15/2000	08/15/2000 06:23 pm	soblander@carrfut.com on 08/15/2000 06:03:48 pm
06:23	08/15/2000 06:23 pm
soblander@carrfut.com	soblander@carrfut.com on 08/15/2000 06:03:48 pm
06:03:48	soblander@carrfut.com on 08/15/2000 06:03:48 pm
solicitation	nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein .
acrobat	the charts are now in the most recent version of adobe acrobat 4.0 and they should print clearly from adobe acrobat reader 3.0 or higher .	adobe acrobat reader 4.0 may be downloaded for free from www.adobe.com .
4.0	the charts are now in the most recent version of adobe acrobat 4.0 and they should print clearly from adobe acrobat reader 3.0 or higher .	adobe acrobat reader 4.0 may be downloaded for free from www.adobe.com .
3.0	then i got a bill for $ 483.00 .	the charts are now in the most recent version of adobe acrobat 4.0 and they should print clearly from adobe acrobat reader 3.0 or higher .
www.adobe.com	adobe acrobat reader 4.0 may be downloaded for free from www.adobe.com .
unleadedstocks.pdf	( see attached file : unleadedstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : crudestocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : heatingoilstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddiistockscl.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistocksho.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistockshu.pdf ) ( see attached file : api.pdf )	- unleadedstocks.pdf
crudestocks.pdf	( see attached file : unleadedstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : crudestocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : heatingoilstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddiistockscl.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistocksho.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistockshu.pdf ) ( see attached file : api.pdf )	- crudestocks.pdf
heatingoilstocks.pdf	( see attached file : unleadedstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : crudestocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : heatingoilstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddiistockscl.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistocksho.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistockshu.pdf ) ( see attached file : api.pdf )	- heatingoilstocks.pdf
paddiistockscl.pdf	( see attached file : unleadedstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : crudestocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : heatingoilstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddiistockscl.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistocksho.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistockshu.pdf ) ( see attached file : api.pdf )	- paddiistockscl.pdf
paddistocksho.pdf	( see attached file : unleadedstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : crudestocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : heatingoilstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddiistockscl.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistocksho.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistockshu.pdf ) ( see attached file : api.pdf )	- paddistocksho.pdf
paddistockshu.pdf	( see attached file : unleadedstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : crudestocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : heatingoilstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddiistockscl.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistocksho.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistockshu.pdf ) ( see attached file : api.pdf )	- paddistockshu.pdf
api.pdf	( see attached file : unleadedstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : crudestocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : heatingoilstocks.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddiistockscl.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistocksho.pdf ) ( see attached file : paddistockshu.pdf ) ( see attached file : api.pdf )	- api.pdf
hilliard	marlene hilliard	marlene d. hilliard
10/08/99	10/08/99 08:52 am
08:52	10/08/99 08:52 am
intrastate	the request was for a intrastate gas transportation agreement and 311 gas transportation agreement .
ccng	these agreements were forwarded to the counterparty , ccng , inc. .	on or about october 6 , 1999 , kelly cloud , senior vice president of ccng , inc. ( 713 ) 235-1972 , called and informed me that the counterparty should be ccgm , l.p. .
235-1972	on or about october 6 , 1999 , kelly cloud , senior vice president of ccng , inc. ( 713 ) 235-1972 , called and informed me that the counterparty should be ccgm , l.p. .
ccgm	on or about october 6 , 1999 , kelly cloud , senior vice president of ccng , inc. ( 713 ) 235-1972 , called and informed me that the counterparty should be ccgm , l.p. .
l.p.	on or about october 6 , 1999 , kelly cloud , senior vice president of ccng , inc. ( 713 ) 235-1972 , called and informed me that the counterparty should be ccgm , l.p. .
liens	further , she informed me that section 7 of the agreement , which reads in part : gas is free from liens and adverse claims of every kind , should be changed because the gas that the counterparty will be transporting on hpl may and / or is subject to liens .
hpl	further , she informed me that section 7 of the agreement , which reads in part : gas is free from liens and adverse claims of every kind , should be changed because the gas that the counterparty will be transporting on hpl may and / or is subject to liens .	i show that we also had 20.000 at ls hpl for the 13th .	teco tap 108.333 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron	ls hpl lsk ic 20.000 / enron	teco tap 85.000 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron	ls hpl lsk ic 20.000 / enron	teco tap 32.500 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron
re-wording	she was instructed to destroy the agreement and another would be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and re-wording of section 7 .
ginny	ginny , please see the attached guaranty .
gtownsend@manorisd.net	" townsend , george " < gtownsend@manorisd.net >
03/27/2001	03/27/2001 09:11 am	03/27/2001 01:58 pm
09:11	03/27/2001 09:11 am
puto	puto ,
dumpster	my old bed got tossed in a dumpster .
woodson	joan woodson	questions : if you have any questions regarding the pledging process , please contact joan woodson ( 3-5213 ) , bert frazier ( 3-5076 ) or kathy mayfield ( 3-3264 ) .
08/10/2000	08/10/2000 08:28 am
08:28	08/10/2000 08:28 am
gilette	analyst team 1 : coach : lisa gilette
mulholland	kristen quinn , sarah mulholland , samuel pak , daniel kang
sewell	analyst team 2 : coach : doug sewell
synder	jeffrey synder , ryan hinze , sheetal patel , johnathan anderson
hinze	jeffrey synder , ryan hinze , sheetal patel , johnathan anderson
sheetal	jeffrey synder , ryan hinze , sheetal patel , johnathan anderson
johnathan	jeffrey synder , ryan hinze , sheetal patel , johnathan anderson
markey	associate team 1 : coach : ben markey
dyk	by the way , cullen and dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to melanie gray .	david t. metcalfe cullen and dykman llp 177 montague street brooklyn , new york 11201 phone : 718-780-0046 fax : 718-780-0276 e-mail : dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com	cullen and dykman ( attorneys for boston gas company ) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the tenn and iroq space back to boston gas .	mary john , russell dyk , webb jennings , martin gonzales
tellechea	mixed a / a team 2 : coach : melanie king brandon luna - analyst , bryan hull - analyst , eduardo tellechea - associate , milson mundim - associate
milson	mixed a / a team 2 : coach : melanie king brandon luna - analyst , bryan hull - analyst , eduardo tellechea - associate , milson mundim - associate
mundim	mixed a / a team 2 : coach : melanie king brandon luna - analyst , bryan hull - analyst , eduardo tellechea - associate , milson mundim - associate
usman	'' where are mullah omar , mullah usmani and gulbuddin hikmetar ? ''	( mullah omar is leader of the taliban , usmani is the former corps commander of kandahar under the taliban regime and now a commander of taliban forces while hikmetyar heads the extremist hizb - e - islami . )	alternates : heather johnson , usman shaukat , gerard benitez , matthew almy , travis hanson	muhammed usman saddique , 24 , london e17
shaukat	alternates : heather johnson , usman shaukat , gerard benitez , matthew almy , travis hanson
benitez	alternates : heather johnson , usman shaukat , gerard benitez , matthew almy , travis hanson
almy	alternates : heather johnson , usman shaukat , gerard benitez , matthew almy , travis hanson
http://unitedway.enron.com	simply type in the following united way link , http://unitedway.enron.com or go directly to internet explorer or netscape and type in unitedway.enron.com in the address field .
netscape	simply type in the following united way link , http://unitedway.enron.com or go directly to internet explorer or netscape and type in unitedway.enron.com in the address field .	microsoft is 4 - 0 ( they took down netscape , suns systems , mac and ibm ) and google may be their next target .
unitedway.enron.com	simply type in the following united way link , http://unitedway.enron.com or go directly to internet explorer or netscape and type in unitedway.enron.com in the address field .
pledging	questions : if you have any questions regarding the pledging process , please contact joan woodson ( 3-5213 ) , bert frazier ( 3-5076 ) or kathy mayfield ( 3-3264 ) .	the african union is clearly not up to the task of keeping the peace , pledging 300 troops to an area that will need 15,000 , according to analysts .
3-5213	questions : if you have any questions regarding the pledging process , please contact joan woodson ( 3-5213 ) , bert frazier ( 3-5076 ) or kathy mayfield ( 3-3264 ) .
3-5076	questions : if you have any questions regarding the pledging process , please contact joan woodson ( 3-5213 ) , bert frazier ( 3-5076 ) or kathy mayfield ( 3-3264 ) .
3-3264	questions : if you have any questions regarding the pledging process , please contact joan woodson ( 3-5213 ) , bert frazier ( 3-5076 ) or kathy mayfield ( 3-3264 ) .
o'neal	you know that both o'neal and matt are out ?
christa	christa winfrey
08/08/2000	08/08/2000 11:36 am
storming	is it supposed to be storming ?
listens	your father never listens to me , what can i say ?	she really listens to what it is you would like to achieve , and i am very happy with my results .	he listens and is excellent in diagnosing , addressing and explaining the specific issues and suggesting exercises to use .
profiled	i meant to comment that i thought the people profiled in the article should pull their heads out of their self important asses .
$$$	it is all about the $$$ .	make $$$ .	it 's all about the $$$ .	it s prettty much the same $$$ , please advice !?????!!!!
brokering	brokering over here has been pretty rewarding .
rewarding	brokering over here has been pretty rewarding .
catriona	catriona is well and has landed herself a pretty cool job in pr .
mjmcdermott@hotmail.com	michael j. mcdermott mjmcdermott@hotmail.com
_________________________________________________________________	_________________________________________________________________
msn	in fall 2004 , msnbc , relying on an unnamed fbi spokesperson , reports that the fbi has narrowed the pool of labs known to have had ames that was a match from 16 to 4 but can not rule out that it was made overseas .	get your free download of msn explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp	get your free download of msn explorer at http://explorer.msn.com << file : ' http://go.msn.com/bql/hmtag_itl_en.asp ' >>
http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp	get your free download of msn explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp
amstel	let 's discuss next time we have amstel lights together .
jolene	jolene harvey
05/22/2001	05/22/2001 09:25 am
09:25	05/22/2001 09:25 am
text.htm	( see attached file : text.htm )	- text.htm << file : text.htm >>
********************************	******************************************************************	******************************************************************	***********************************	******************************** notice *************************************	************************************************	************************************************
*************************************	******************************************************************	******************************************************************	******************************** notice *************************************	************************************************	************************************************
transmittal	this transmittal and / or attachments may be a confidential attorney - client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential .	if you are not the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error ; any review , dissemination , distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited .	if you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .
212-848-8400	if you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .
hover	i was thinking of converting it to a hover vehicle .
skidoo	how about skidoo skis for the front and tracks for the back ..
skis	how about skidoo skis for the front and tracks for the back ..
jackass	jackass .
harmonious	you have always been on the move seeking affectionate , satisfying and harmonious relationships .
realisation	your ultimate goal has been the realisation of an intimate union in which there could be love , self - sacrifice and mutual trust .
thinker	you are a clear thinker and all you demand from life , in a relationship , is a partner whom you can trust and with whom you can , together , develop a foundation of trust based on understanding .
fisrt	raw data is on the fisrt tab of the file to the right .
vladi	recently , russian president vladimir putin bluntly stated that iran is not developing its nuclear capability for any reasons beyond peaceful energy creation , and pledged to continue assisting iran in this endeavor .	president vladimir putin said russia is will have new nuclear weapons that other countries do not and will not have .	vladi .	hey vladi ,	vladi pimenov ext. 37625
lavo	john lavorato has requested the attached report .	it is imperative that all of the information on the attached file is accurate , including titles , as this information is being given directly to john lavorato and louise kitchen .	do you still have the historical nymex settle file that you created for lavo 's spread analysis ?	dear mr. lavorato :	once we get the word from lavo we 'll let you know .
http://home.enron.com/employeemeeting	if you are located in london , calgary , toronto , omaha , new york , portland ( ena ) or houston , you can access the live event at http://home.enron.com/employeemeeting .
timesheet	i was on vacation from october 4th to october 19th and i did n't submit my timesheet yet .
hronline	i tried to do it on the hronline web - site , but the procedure is too complicated .
pimenov	vladi pimenov ext. 37625
37625	vladi pimenov ext. 37625
mcgilloway	" mcgilloway , vangie " < vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com >	vangie mcgilloway constellation power source , inc. ( " cps " ) 111 market place ste 500 baltimore , md 21202 phone 410-468-3798 fax 410-468-3499 email vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com
vangie	" mcgilloway , vangie " < vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com >	vangie mcgilloway constellation power source , inc. ( " cps " ) 111 market place ste 500 baltimore , md 21202 phone 410-468-3798 fax 410-468-3499 email vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com
vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com	" mcgilloway , vangie " < vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com >
03/23/2001	03/23/2001 10:13 am	03/23/2001 12:24 pm
10:13	03/23/2001 10:13 am
gisb	i have attached a revised copy of the gisb agreement and special provisions for your review and consideration .	i look forward to your feedback on the gisb .	( see attached file : constellation power ( gisb draft ) .doc ) ( see attached file : sam3102.doc )	- enron-cps ( gisb rev1 ) .doc	attached is an image of the gisb .	as discussed , attached is a gisb draft for pioneer .
submitting	i anticipate completing the review of the master agreement form and submitting comments to you by monday .
cps	in addition , i received feedback from our gas desk that the access to the gas segment of enron on - line was cut off to cps --- do you know who would handle this at enron that we can speak to ?	vangie mcgilloway constellation power source , inc. ( " cps " ) 111 market place ste 500 baltimore , md 21202 phone 410-468-3798 fax 410-468-3499 email vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com	- enron-cps ( gisb rev1 ) .doc
21202	vangie mcgilloway constellation power source , inc. ( " cps " ) 111 market place ste 500 baltimore , md 21202 phone 410-468-3798 fax 410-468-3499 email vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com
410-468-3798	vangie mcgilloway constellation power source , inc. ( " cps " ) 111 market place ste 500 baltimore , md 21202 phone 410-468-3798 fax 410-468-3499 email vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com
410-468-3499	vangie mcgilloway constellation power source , inc. ( " cps " ) 111 market place ste 500 baltimore , md 21202 phone 410-468-3798 fax 410-468-3499 email vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com
questionsand	upon your review , please give me a call to discuss any questionsand or issues you may have regarding this matter .
sam3102.doc	( see attached file : constellation power ( gisb draft ) .doc ) ( see attached file : sam3102.doc )
perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere	debra perlingiere
enron-cps	- enron-cps ( gisb rev1 ) .doc
rev1	- enron-cps ( gisb rev1 ) .doc
concessionaire	jackie taylor - she is located at court house concessionaire and under her name in the directory .
10mm	please clarify " all " do you intend 10mm for ena as well ?
dp	also woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and i just sat and watched .	both my grandparents passed away 4 months apart and mike was very understanding .	both my grandparents looked as natural as could be expected .	from a moral standpoint , you guys are really gon na take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know it s just a piece of scrap metal ?	dp	dp	dp
4.6	34.6 m - number of americans living below the poverty line ( 1 in 8 of the population ) .	revised article 4.6	see attached revised article 4.6 masters below .	revised article 4.6
tammi	tammi ,
ces	love to have you along for the company , but it is not necessary .	the position is with the ees mmc east department / wholesale , retail & comm , enron energy services .	because large fries give you four pieces !	no spices !	change the process , ppl !	it has very good prices .	she knows great food and dining experiences .	as you see it was ces acquired by ena in asset purchase .
transporter	i do not find the term " alternate transporter imbalance " in our agreement ..	the term " aggregate transporter imbalance " is located in several sections .
imbalance	i do not find the term " alternate transporter imbalance " in our agreement ..	the term " aggregate transporter imbalance " is located in several sections .
4105sf	4105sf
duns	i was able to secure a duns # and fed tax id however , i am lacking fax and bank account numbers .
03/29/2001	03/29/2001 09:01 am
rudwell	rudwell johnson / enron@enronxgate	rudwell 53596 .
enron@enronxgate	rudwell johnson / enron@enronxgate	christian yoder / enron@enronxgate
05:09	03/28/2001 05:09 pm
53596	rudwell 53596 .
j.m.	please forward a copy of the j.m. huber corporation guaranty to my attention .
u.s	this is what edwards ' campaign literature said about his positions : " edwards believes that the u.s. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts , from reducing tensions between india and pakistan to the peace process in northern ireland .	edwards is a strong supporter of israel , and believes that the u.s. has a vital role in promoting peace between the israelis and the palestinians . "	while most u.s. secretaries of state -- save perhaps dean rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with , few have been as brazen as colin powell .	realists , and this even includes members of the u.s. democratic foreign policy establishment such as strobe talbott , who have long sought to divest india of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in asia , understand the only feasible solution for kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo .	bill clinton understood this at the end of his term in office yet , under colin powell ( who appears to have an affinity for generals active in politics ) , the pendulum of u.s. policy has once again swung toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the valley of kashmir loose from india .	the overwhelming majority of muslims in kashmir would be happy with such an outcome , except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the u.s. state department and the pakistan army , which would like to even the score with india for their catastrophic defeat in bangladesh in 1971 .	the u.s. state department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences on kashmir and , in most of them , the solution that has emerged is a valley prized loose from indian control and under its own version of ibrahim rugova .	with colin powell around , the u.s. has no need of an osama bin laden	the u.s. and europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder , not the next one .	this conference will examine the business and regulatory challenges to u.s. electric systems in transition in effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger and more competitive regional markets emerging under ferc 's rto initiatives .	5 . general colin powell , former chairman , joint chiefs of staff , u.s.a .	4 . alan greenspan , chairman , federal reserve , u.s.a .	3 . former u.s. president george bush	jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives : finland , germany , norway , sweden , switzerland , the u.k , and the u.s. .	for banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. u.s. and u.k. branches ) .	quebecker wins u.s. bravery award	u.s. industrialist andrew carnegie started a hero fund in 1904 after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster that killed 181 people .	the award comes with a $ 3,500 ( u.s. ) grant .	this unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling - out with his iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of kuwait , a wholly - owned u.s. - british subsidiary .	my father re-secured the petroleum assets of kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty - one billion u.s. dollars ( $ 61,000,000,000 ) .	on september 21 , 2004 , the u.s. senate appropriations committee approved $ 16.379 billion in funding for nasa for fiscal year 2005 .	u.s. senate committee on appropriations	china 's overtures to join the u.s. - led effort to develop the 16 - nation international space station have been thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues , including the asian country 's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat .	during the u.s. and russian lunar race during the cold war , nasa scored an early coup by circling the moon with the apollo 8 crew over the 1968 christmas holidays .	now get 6 u.s. $ 1.00 bills and place one inside of each of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope ( to prevent thievery ) .	so i checked it out with the u.s. post office ( 1-800-238-5355 ) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal !!	this trickle grew into a flood , resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in yellowstone in 1995 by the u.s. fish and wildlife service -- albeit over the strong and still - continuing objections of ranchers .	" all you have to do is look at the photographs , " ed bangs , wolf recovery coordinator for the u.s. fish and wildlife service , told upi 's blue planet ,	as the pew report concluded , " sufficient studies now exist to conclude that the consequences of climate change are already detectable within u.s. ecosystems . "	by dumping some portion of their reserves , these countries could put the dollar under intense pressure and send u.s. interest rates skyrocketing .	the united states goes into a war zone and evacuates a bunch of u.s. citizens ( most of whom were " dual - citizens " ) .	then , eschewing normal procedure , the department of state waived the fees that they charge for evacuating u.s. citizen .
phunnarungsi	my mane is visit phunnarungsi .
brownian	i am now modelling the queensland electricity spot price using geometric brownian mean reverting jump diffusion model and have followed your paper " making the most of mean reversion " to estimate the mean reversion speed .
reverting	i am now modelling the queensland electricity spot price using geometric brownian mean reverting jump diffusion model and have followed your paper " making the most of mean reversion " to estimate the mean reversion speed .
reversion	i am now modelling the queensland electricity spot price using geometric brownian mean reverting jump diffusion model and have followed your paper " making the most of mean reversion " to estimate the mean reversion speed .	therefore i could not estimate the mean reversion rate as the estimated slope has the positive sign .
44,000	i use queensland half - hourly price during 13 december , 1998 - 30 june 2001 giving about 44,000 price observations .
0.3931	intercept : - 0.3931 ( 0.0076 )
0.0076	intercept : - 0.3931 ( 0.0076 )
0.1171	slope : 0.1171 ( 0.0022 )
0.0022	slope : 0.1171 ( 0.0022 )
0.0585	r square : 0.0585
kindest	kindest regards ,
http://explorer.msn.com	get your free download of msn explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp	get your free download of msn explorer at http://explorer.msn.com << file : ' http://go.msn.com/bql/hmtag_itl_en.asp ' >>
http://go.msn.com/bql/hmtag_itl_en.asp	get your free download of msn explorer at http://explorer.msn.com << file : ' http://go.msn.com/bql/hmtag_itl_en.asp ' >>
plz	plz contact shirley crenshaw ( x 3-5290 ) regarding a copy of an article .
crenshaw	plz contact shirley crenshaw ( x 3-5290 ) regarding a copy of an article .
3-5290	plz contact shirley crenshaw ( x 3-5290 ) regarding a copy of an article .
uncertainties	this is the best solution given all the uncertainties we face .
sungjoo	what i would like to do in this case is get the information to jeff davis , who is responsible for georgia tech and ask him to get sungjoo 's resume and start a file on him with a notation that you would like to hire him for summer .	sungjoo lee stochastic processes and simulation in finance georgia institute of technology school of industrial and systems engineering e-mail address : goldconn@isye.gatech.edu gte114t@prism.gatech.edu home : 404-449-1026 office : coming soon !
************************************************	******************************************************************	******************************************************************	************************************************	************************************************
stochastic	sungjoo lee stochastic processes and simulation in finance georgia institute of technology school of industrial and systems engineering e-mail address : goldconn@isye.gatech.edu gte114t@prism.gatech.edu home : 404-449-1026 office : coming soon !
goldconn@isye.gatech.edu	sungjoo lee stochastic processes and simulation in finance georgia institute of technology school of industrial and systems engineering e-mail address : goldconn@isye.gatech.edu gte114t@prism.gatech.edu home : 404-449-1026 office : coming soon !
gte114t@prism.gatech.edu	sungjoo lee stochastic processes and simulation in finance georgia institute of technology school of industrial and systems engineering e-mail address : goldconn@isye.gatech.edu gte114t@prism.gatech.edu home : 404-449-1026 office : coming soon !
404-449-1026	sungjoo lee stochastic processes and simulation in finance georgia institute of technology school of industrial and systems engineering e-mail address : goldconn@isye.gatech.edu gte114t@prism.gatech.edu home : 404-449-1026 office : coming soon !
lisa_coverletter.doc	- lisa_coverletter.doc << file : lisa_coverletter.doc >>
lisa_resume.doc	- lisa_resume.doc << file : lisa_resume.doc >>
withholding	as such , we will distribute net shares calculating the proper withholding at fair market value the day prior to notifying the transfer agent .
notifying	as such , we will distribute net shares calculating the proper withholding at fair market value the day prior to notifying the transfer agent .
9/30/01	we will be distributing the shares reflected on your 9/30/01 statement ( 6,606 shares plus cash for fractional shares ) .
6,606	we will be distributing the shares reflected on your 9/30/01 statement ( 6,606 shares plus cash for fractional shares ) .
fractional	we will be distributing the shares reflected on your 9/30/01 statement ( 6,606 shares plus cash for fractional shares ) .
recordkeeping	as you know , we are in the process of transferring recordkeeping services from ntrc to hewitt .
ntrc	as you know , we are in the process of transferring recordkeeping services from ntrc to hewitt .
psa	he has become our department expert on the psa account ( much more knowledgeable than myself ) and the various plan provision amendments .	the guaranty for the ppa is blacklined against the enron epc contract guaranty in favor of the banks which was granted in connection with our cabazon wind power project ( the project most recently financed by ewc ) and the gpsa guaranty is blacklined against the ppa guaranty .	- gpsa guaranty.doc	- redline gpsa guaranty.doc
deferred	thank you for digging in to the issue of deferred phantom stock units .
3,	did you do a deal with national fuel marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on may 30th @ 2.975 ?	did you do a deal with national fuel marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on may 30th @ 2.975 ?	had 33,000 miles , ram 2500 3 / 4 ton , 4 x 4 , 360 magnum motor .	net to eco about $ 3,300,000 ( enron 50 % share about $ 1,650,000 )	we did receive a payment for $ 3,202.61 on 11-20-2000 .	we did receive a payment for $ 3,202.61 on 11-20-2000 .	the award comes with a $ 3,500 ( u.s. ) grant .	walls keeping water out of the bowl - shaped city have been breached , and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop 1,350 kg ( 3,000 lb ) sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps .	iran 's military also includes holdings of 1,613 main battle tanks , 21,600 other armored fighting vehicles , 3,200 artillery weapons , 306 combat aircraft , 60 attack helicopters , 3 submarines , 59 surface combatants , and 10 amphibious ships . "	if iran decides to throw any or all of its 23,000 armored fighting vehicles , along with any or all of its nearly million - strong army , into the iraq fray , the situation in the middle east could become unspeakably dire .	$ 3,500 - reward a group of veterans offered in 2000 for anyone who could confirm bush 's alabama guard service .	i am expecting to pay something in the $ 3, to $ 5,000 range .	valero said it was reducing rates at its 243,000 bpd texas city refinery and its 85,000 bpd houston refinery .	price : 3,40 euros , 5 euros or 7,5 euros ( 1 ) for a 72 heures lenght .	kinder morgan $ 3,500,000 $ 1,250,000	seriously , i talked this morning with tom hall and we agreed that ecogas would pay him $ 53,000 .	to summarize : enron 's pad gas will now be 3,993,310 mmbtu , instead of 4,223,000 mmbtu .	ey4096.1 performance 01-feb-02 p 6,363,217 - $ 250,393	ey4096.7 performance 01-feb-02 p - 6,363,217 - $ 55,678	ey4106.6 performance 01-feb-02 p - 1,993,045 - $ 32,387	ey4106.7 performance 01-feb-02 p 1,993,045 - $ 43,548
ratcliff	renee ratcliff
10300	i faxed you the promotional on 10300 heritage office building with the nimitz post office .
nimitz	i faxed you the promotional on 10300 heritage office building with the nimitz post office .
kestrel	the broker called back shortly after i spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem had both sold .
fm78	the broker called back shortly after i spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem had both sold .
walzem	the broker called back shortly after i spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem had both sold .
irr	i tried to calculate the irr on the port aransas and roma post offices .
aransas	i tried to calculate the irr on the port aransas and roma post offices .
mery	mery ,
efax	all you have to do is sign up for one free offer ( such as efax ) and then cancel within the offer time frame .
franz371...@gmail.com	email : franz371...@gmail.com	email : franz371...@gmail.com	email : franz371...@gmail.com	email : franz371...@gmail.com
ragnarok	and it seems this is the first site of ragnarok 2 hahaha since the site is new send me your suggestions and comments
hahaha	they sometimes do nt get along ( you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though , two girls tend to fight a lot .	and it seems this is the first site of ragnarok 2 hahaha since the site is new send me your suggestions and comments	hahaha
davidr...@optonline.net	email : davidr...@optonline.net
alt.animals.breeders.rabbits	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.crab , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum , alt.animals.dolphins , alt.animals.eagle.bald , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.falcon	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits
alt.animals.crab	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.crab , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum , alt.animals.dolphins , alt.animals.eagle.bald , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.falcon
alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.crab , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum , alt.animals.dolphins , alt.animals.eagle.bald , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.falcon
alt.animals.dolphins	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.crab , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum , alt.animals.dolphins , alt.animals.eagle.bald , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.falcon
alt.animals.eagle.bald	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.crab , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum , alt.animals.dolphins , alt.animals.eagle.bald , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.falcon
alt.animals.falcon	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.crab , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum , alt.animals.dolphins , alt.animals.eagle.bald , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.falcon
carri	remember luis posada carriles ?	moon landing hoax : church = technology & government - shuttle carried on aircraft model	also , do n't forget to try out korea 's famous amusement parks ! : lotte world , everland , and carribbean bay !	carribbean bay : http://tong.visitkorea.or.kr/cms/resource/81/188181_image2_1.jpg	i took a tip from carri and looked up rat ascii's on google .
ascii's	i took a tip from carri and looked up rat ascii's on google .
mesmerizing	" ... there is no companion quite so devoted , so communicative , so loving and so mesmerizing as a rat . "	" ... there is no companion quite so devoted , so communicative , so loving and so mesmerizing as a rat . "
cgoehring	~ cgoehring	~ cgoehring
audiobooks	interested in audiobooks ?	come visit irc server : irc.yankeedot.net and join # audiobooks for sharing , discussion and a great trivia game !	interested in audiobooks ?	come visit irc server : irc.yankeedot.net and join # audiobooks for sharing , discussion and a great trivia game ! large selection of fiction , science fiction and best sellers .
irc	my neighbourhood has been surrounded by american troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .	the best option , now , under the present difficult circumstances is for colombo to do its own dirty work , although new delhi can always be counted on to render good neighborly help because of the shared belief that religion , ethnicity and language can not be the basis for secession .	reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the andaman islands are not only thick with myanmar rebels .	in the inner circle are the terrorists themselves .	the inner circles are primarily financed by terrorist states like iran and syria , until recently also by iraq and libya and earlier also by some of the communist regimes .	they are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters , planners , commanders , preachers , all of whom make a living , usually a very comfortable living , by serving as terror infrastructure .	finally , we find the third circle of so - called religious , educational and welfare organizations , which actually do some good , feed the hungry and provide some schooling , but brainwash a new generation with hatred , lies and ignorance .	this circle operates mostly through mosques , madrasas and other religious establishments but also through inciting electronic and printed media .	it is this circle that makes sure that women remain inferior , that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to the outside world is minimal .	it is also that circle that leads the way in blaming everybody outside the moslem world , for the miseries of the region .	the outer circle is largely financed by saudi arabia , but also by donations from certain moslem communities in the united states and europe and , to a smaller extent , by donations of european governments to various ngo's and by certain united nations organizations , whose goals may be noble , but they are infested and exploited by agents of the outer circle .	the saudi regime , of course , will be the next victim of major terror , when the inner circle will explode into the outer circle .	the saudis are beginning to understand it , but they fight the inner circles , while still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle .	figuratively speaking , this outer circle is the guardian , which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement , rather than to the world outside .	some parts of this same outer circle actually operate as a result of fear from , or blackmail by , the inner circles .	some of the leaders of these various circles live very comfortably on their loot .	the inner circles can and must be destroyed by force .	the outer circle can not be eliminated by force .	above all , we need a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evil .	iran is encircled by afghanistan , by the gulf states , iraq and the moslem republics of the former soviet union .	i do not know if the american plan was actually to encircle both iran and syria , but that is the resulting situation .	it is crucial to stop saudi and other financial support of the outer circle , which is the fertile breeding ground of terror .	it is important to monitor all donations from the western world to islamic organizations , to monitor the finances of international relief organizations and to react with forceful economic measures to any small sign of financial aid to any of the three circles of terrorism .	the hatfill theory ironically might best be understood as an al qaeda theory , with a coincidental malaysian connection adding to the other circumstances .	the last i knew after you and brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that this was being circulated ( shona took this to do after brent 's return to houston ) for comments to all business controllers .	is this related to the problems he is having getting around ( circulatory ? ) ?	can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to jeff hodge ) ?	can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to jeff hodge ) ?	can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to jeff hodge ) ?	the stock circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd - with full reconciliation of returns to current system data by traffic / co-ordination an audit of the stock and forward valuation report for the 30th ( replacing planned 23rd review due to system issues ) , requiring full download of contract detail for later reference	the circularisation of barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis	the debtors / creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd
irc.yankeedot.net	come visit irc server : irc.yankeedot.net and join # audiobooks for sharing , discussion and a great trivia game !	come visit irc server : irc.yankeedot.net and join # audiobooks for sharing , discussion and a great trivia game ! large selection of fiction , science fiction and best sellers .
ghulam	based on specific intelligence inputs , army arrested ghulam mohiuddin lone , a let man , from doda district .
mohiuddin	based on specific intelligence inputs , army arrested ghulam mohiuddin lone , a let man , from doda district .
doda	based on specific intelligence inputs , army arrested ghulam mohiuddin lone , a let man , from doda district .
_____	____________________________________________________	___________ thursday , september 14 5:00 - 8:30 pm	___________ monday , september 25 5:00 - 8:30 pm	___________ wednesday , september 27 5:00 - 8:30 pm	__________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	yes , i will attend in person _______	by video conference from _______	by conference call _______	no , i will not attend _______	___________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	______________________	_________________________________________________________________	_____	_____________________________________________	_____________________________________________	__________________________________________________
capt.	visit capt. spastic 's joke list for all the information and options : < >	capt. spastic 's demented world is located at : < >
spastic	visit capt. spastic 's joke list for all the information and options : < >	capt. spastic 's demented world is located at : < >
demented	capt. spastic 's demented world is located at : < >
outlook.jpg	outlook.jpg
5250	$ 5250 deposited directly to your paypal account !
paypal	$ 5250 deposited directly to your paypal account !	try our ultimate program that will generate a blast of $ 10 and $ 8 payments deposited directly to your paypal account .
spanking	thank you for helping us to sell out of our first issue , now let your friends and local news organizations know that a delicious reprint , with a hot spanking new cover by greg mannino , is available for order on our website .
mannino	thank you for helping us to sell out of our first issue , now let your friends and local news organizations know that a delicious reprint , with a hot spanking new cover by greg mannino , is available for order on our website .
webmaster	animal news center webmaster	animal news center webmaster	ian - webmaster www.southbhamcats.org.uk
woul	the moi in iraq is equivalent to the us fbi , so this would be like having j. edgar hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	some 2,000 junior officers of the old baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months , something chalabi would have blocked if he could have .	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .	he added that " america does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation , they were kicked out of somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in mogadishu for the whole world to see " , and that " the day will come when the dead bodies of americans and jews would be dragged , defiled , and stepped on in the arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters " .	i would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing .	they would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operations , which is also a nuclear power .	but so was it unlikely that a small group of arab mujahidin would virtually take over afghanistan .	certainly , the shiites already hate al - qaeda and would help ; likewise the kurds .	the thing to keep in mind is that sunni arab nationalists and baathists and local sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the us in iraq than al - qaeda infiltrators , and it would be dangerous to take one 's eyes off the former ball .	" i find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " gore said .	not only did bush not know who general pervez musharraf was , he seems to have confused coup - making with " taking office , " and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the pakistan military , then the world 's strongest supporter of the taliban , would bring " stability ! "	tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process	" the sri lankan government does not want to initiate a conflict but would be interested in deterring the ltte from starting one .	a veteran of india 's military intervention in the jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 indo - sri lanka peace accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable ltte - kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment .	japan 's special envoy , yasushi akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to colombo and kilinochchi in early november a frustrated man .	" tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process , " tna member of parliament p sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a statement .	but kalkat pointed out that india would be ill - advised to be involved again , militarily , with sri lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic tamils in the indian state of tamil nadu - separated from sri lanka 's jaffna peninsula by the narrow palk straits .	simultaneously , new delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert kashmir into a second afghanistan .	the overwhelming majority of muslims in kashmir would be happy with such an outcome , except for the tiny jihadi segment patronized by the u.s. state department and the pakistan army , which would like to even the score with india for their catastrophic defeat in bangladesh in 1971 .	despite many wrinkles , india remains a part - democracy and merely signing on to a piece of paper that calls for an independent kashmir does not get you into the trouble that writing an op - ed piece against sonia gandhi or atal behari vajpayee would instantly .	since then , india has talked peace while always signaling that only the status quo would be acceptable as a final settlement : a line of action that is followed in the case of disputes with china as well .	now , it is only natural that news reports questioning bush 's service - in the boston globe and the new york times , on cbs and in other outlets - would come out now .	the interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but i fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	one remark made by sha'lan on al - arabiya tv , that he could n't say more about chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor .	i did n't argue with him but i asked him what he believed would be a viable solution to this mess .	the only hope now is that , following the elections , the national assembly would offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissenting parties .	i would suggest going for tribal sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .	authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about posada 's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug .	but then , maybe that would n't have saved him either , because posada is not meiring .	whether such an offer were accepted or declined would make no difference ; justice would not be served then .	in fact , it would tend to encourage more organized anti-india outfits , such as the pakistani inter- services intelligence ( isi ) and outside - linked maoists , to exploit these networks and weaken india 's eastern flank .	the next day an angry musharraf categorically said that pakistan would not send pakistani troops to iraq , a clear snub to the americans .
poss	sunni iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation .	both have shared this country for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without the other .	even partition is not a possibility , there are no clear borders between the two .	the enhanced us presence in western afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of ismail khan , the warlord and governor of herat province last month , who was a close ally of iranian hardliners .	the history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to bush 's character as an addictive personality , but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president .	the pentagon is bypassing official us intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...	5 kg per gun , 200,000 guns means 1000 tonnes , impossible for 4 containers .	even zawahiri 's attorney in 1999 said that bin laden and zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior al qaeda leaders faced .	although the details of the documents on mohammed 's computer may ( or may not ) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal , they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings .	iraq , however , remains a possible source of the ames .	as to opportunity , though seldom reported , there is a wealth of " open source " information about possible al qaeda or egyptian islamic jihad or egyptian islamic group in the united states and canada .	we are aiming to have the programme printed next week , so i would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak at this year 's congress .	if you would , please review the entire list and let me know if you are in agreement with the presentation by tomorrow evening , if possible .	the conference will review the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to them .	if possible , can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5 ?	this one should possibly be assigned to networks & services group .	if possible , can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5 ?	if possible , i think the cleanest way to run this biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz .	as we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable , it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .	in the next week or so , we 'll be sending around a discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issues , and we will try to talk to as many of you as possible before the meeting to go through it .	there are three possible dates for the meeting , which i suggest be in two parts -- first , a meeting among the panel only from 5:00 - 6:30 p.m. , and then a dinner with chairman levitt from 6:30 - 8:30 p.m .	could you please let us know which of these would be possible for you :	direct access connections might enable users to access enrononline more quickly than is currently possible through internet access .	we intend to see as many people as possible regarding eol implementation .	please let me know about your availability and if it is possible to meet with more than one of you in one place .	if they 're ok with it , we 'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections .	if you are interested in attending please e-mail me as soon as possible .	for banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. u.s. and u.k. branches ) .	the creation of an incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal best awards ) for key metals staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above stated objectives	i understand that it is a competitive process , but i felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extracurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate for my disability .	i understand that it is a competitive process , but i felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	as an outgrowth of the meeting leslie and i had with scott and hunter a couple of weeks ago , we have begun work to develop an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of ferc gas activities , and possibly electric activities , in a format that can be linked to the fundamentals intranet site used by the traders .
ible	fedayeen are now visible on the street and they have become bolder than ever .	japan 's special envoy , yasushi akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to colombo and kilinochchi in early november a frustrated man .	he complained about the " visible lack of progress " and reaching an impasse in talks with both sides .	realists , and this even includes members of the u.s. democratic foreign policy establishment such as strobe talbott , who have long sought to divest india of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in asia , understand the only feasible solution for kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo .	sunni iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation .	very recently , us forces in al - anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing abdul - razaq inad al - gu'ud , sheikh of the al - bu nimr clan from the powerful dulaym tribe .	both have shared this country for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without the other .	however there were visible signs of a crackdown on the pakistan side .	the enhanced us presence in western afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of ismail khan , the warlord and governor of herat province last month , who was a close ally of iranian hardliners .	christ , you 'd think america would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots .	i suppose that it 's damn lucky for the gop that she is populated with gullible idiots .	the pentagon is bypassing official us intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...	afshari , who was posted in germany and was responsible for receiving mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the german government tried to absorb mujahedeen children into their education system , the mujahedeen refused .	praise be : given the void in responsible behavior among governments , police , educational establishments and religions , the task of guiding our youth down the path of righteousness has fallen to ... satan "	5 kg per gun , 200,000 guns means 1000 tonnes , impossible for 4 containers .	it is a very cruel death with bodies dismembered and horrible severe lifelong injuries to many of the wounded .	a suicide murder is simply a horrible , vicious weapon of cruel , inhuman , cynical , well - funded terrorists , with no regard to human life , including the life of their fellow countrymen , but with very high regard to their own affluent well - being and their hunger for power .	an incredible number of people in the arab world believe that september 11 never happened , or was an american provocation or , even better , a jewish plot .	here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite , more power to women , more education , counter-propaganda , boycott whenever feasible and access to western media , internet and the international scene .	the letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik abdel rahman and those responsible for the earlier world trade center bombing in 1993 .	handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of ksm , al qaeda 's # 3 , included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise .	although the details of the documents on mohammed 's computer may ( or may not ) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal , they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings .	iraq , however , remains a possible source of the ames .	as to opportunity , though seldom reported , there is a wealth of " open source " information about possible al qaeda or egyptian islamic jihad or egyptian islamic group in the united states and canada .	we are aiming to have the programme printed next week , so i would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak at this year 's congress .	orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by painewebber and painewebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by painewebber and painewebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by painewebber and painewebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	if you would , please review the entire list and let me know if you are in agreement with the presentation by tomorrow evening , if possible .	the conference will review the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to them .	if possible , can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5 ?	if possible , can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5 ?
inconvenience	i apologize for the following inconvenience , but i have decided to move this group to yahoo , so that we can post files and photos and other useful things .
sry	lol , last news message came out kinda weird , i was trying to browse the japanese website while i changed the text i was supposed to put up but i ran out of time so there are no real pictures yet ... but i 'll add the links soon sry .
anti-smoker	i 've never been a smoker & am a very strong anti-smoker , but i 'm an over-eater & so i know how hard it is to change a habit .
over-eater	i 've never been a smoker & am a very strong anti-smoker , but i 'm an over-eater & so i know how hard it is to change a habit .
willpower	good luck w/ it & will pray for you to have the willpower to be smoke - free :)
rreynol...@cogeco.ca	email : " ryan reynolds " < rreynol...@cogeco.ca >
mimicking	i would like to invite you to come to a site where you can hear talking parakeets that are not just mimicking , but actually talking in sophisticated conversational language .
conversational	i would like to invite you to come to a site where you can hear talking parakeets that are not just mimicking , but actually talking in sophisticated conversational language .
http://www.budgieresearch.com	http://www.budgieresearch.com
22th	november 22th 2005
tgs	i got these pictures from tgs , look at all of them if you have time , they 're preety cool ...
preety	i got these pictures from tgs , look at all of them if you have time , they 're preety cool ...
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050920111900_21big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050920111900_21big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_21big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_21big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_32big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_32big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_39big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_39big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_42big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_42big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_41big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_41big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_40big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_40big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917034321_15big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917034321_15big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917034321_2big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917034321_2big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050909152208_14big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050909152208_14big.html
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917024918_1big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917024918_1big.html
4gamer	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050920111900_21big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_21big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_32big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_39big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_42big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_41big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_40big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917034321_15big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917034321_2big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050909152208_14big.html	http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050917024918_1big.html	btw , they 're all from 4gamer .
figaro	email : " sean figaro " < sfig...@houston.rr.com >
sfig...@houston.rr.com	email : " sean figaro " < sfig...@houston.rr.com >
allergies	i have a friend that has to get rid of one of her cats because of allergies , he is the youngest at 3 years old black , long hair , incredibly friendly .
surronding	needs good family in houston or surronding area , needs lots of attention , very loving .
julie...@bellsouth.net	email : " julie " < julie...@bellsouth.net >
chillicothe	i am looking for people who would like to play d & d 3.5 and live in or around the chillicothe , oh area .
dm	admission : donations at the door	we have two people so far , and i am able to dm ... although dm's are welcome .	volatility of usd / dm has been in the range of between 7 % and 11 % .
dm's	we have two people so far , and i am able to dm ... although dm's are welcome .
dailyem...@ebs.bbc.co.uk	email : bbc breaking news alert < dailyem...@ebs.bbc.co.uk >
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news	for more details : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news
------------------------------------------------	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	-------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------	--------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------
unsolicited	this e-mail is never sent unsolicited .
subscribed	you have received this bbc breaking news alert because you subscribed to it or , someone forwarded it to you .
unsubscribe	to unsubscribe ( or subscribe if this message was forwarded to you ) go to : http://www.bbc.co.uk/email
http://www.bbc.co.uk/email	to unsubscribe ( or subscribe if this message was forwarded to you ) go to : http://www.bbc.co.uk/email
http://www.usatoday.com/tech/science/space/2005-03-09-nasa-search_x.htm?csp=34	[ http://www.usatoday.com/tech/science/space/2005-03-09-nasa-search_x.htm?csp=34 ]
spasms	while there have been spasms of speculation about the bush administration naming a replacement for o'keefe , no nominee has been declared .
o'keefe	while there have been spasms of speculation about the bush administration naming a replacement for o'keefe , no nominee has been declared .
18,000	shuttle veteran and longtime nasa executive fred gregory is temporarily at the helm of the 18,000 - person agency .
astronaut's	very sad too since nasa 's astronaut's may not fly in the next five years .
3/9/2005	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 3/9/2005 11:16:00 pm
11:16:00	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 3/9/2005 11:16:00 pm
afflictions	the multiple planetary afflictions are taking their toll .
conjunct	the meeting is being held in conjunction with the third meeting of our disco of the future forum .	currently , mercury and venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by rahu .
aspected	currently , mercury and venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by rahu .
rahu	currently , mercury and venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by rahu .	in pakistan national chart besides the transit affliction to transit venus in the fourth house by fms rahu and mercury , natal saturn and venus are also under the close affliction of transit rahu .	in indian national chart besides the transit affliction to transit mercury by rahu and venus the natal saturn and venus are also under the transit affliction of rahu which has resulted into floods in many parts of the country taking toll of human lives , properties , etc. .
affliction	the multiple planetary afflictions are taking their toll .	in pakistan national chart besides the transit affliction to transit venus in the fourth house by fms rahu and mercury , natal saturn and venus are also under the close affliction of transit rahu .	in indian national chart besides the transit affliction to transit mercury by rahu and venus the natal saturn and venus are also under the transit affliction of rahu which has resulted into floods in many parts of the country taking toll of human lives , properties , etc. .
fms	in pakistan national chart besides the transit affliction to transit venus in the fourth house by fms rahu and mercury , natal saturn and venus are also under the close affliction of transit rahu .
choudhry	v k choudhry
thecatal...@hotmail.com	email : " the cat album " < thecatal...@hotmail.com >
www.thecatalbum.com	www.thecatalbum.com	http://www.thecatalbum.com
http://www.thecatalbum.com	http://www.thecatalbum.com
purrs	purrs
runar	runar
webmas...@globelingerie.com	email : " andre " < webmas...@globelingerie.com >
heh	heh , yep , i like to wear silk chemises , panties even stockings with garter belt .
chemises	heh , yep , i like to wear silk chemises , panties even stockings with garter belt .
garter	heh , yep , i like to wear silk chemises , panties even stockings with garter belt .
lingerie	email : " andre " < webmas...@globelingerie.com >	first time i started wearing woman 's lingerie i was very young .	so , i 'm men and love to wear women 's lingerie :-) .	http://lingerie.selectedsex.com	there nothing wrong with men dressing in lingerie , when i get home at night the first thing i do is change into a nice silky nightgown or nightie , love the feel .
seakness	later on i red somewhere that it 's seakness .	i was ashamed to be in friendship with girls ... until i undrstood that it 's not seakness as well as women wearing men 's pants is n't seak :)
undrstood	i was ashamed to be in friendship with girls ... until i undrstood that it 's not seakness as well as women wearing men 's pants is n't seak :)
seak	later on i red somewhere that it 's seakness .	i was ashamed to be in friendship with girls ... until i undrstood that it 's not seakness as well as women wearing men 's pants is n't seak :)
http://lingerie.selectedsex.com	http://lingerie.selectedsex.com
tjo	email : " tjo " < ded69...@hotmail.com >
ded69...@hotmail.com	email : " tjo " < ded69...@hotmail.com >
nightgown	there nothing wrong with men dressing in lingerie , when i get home at night the first thing i do is change into a nice silky nightgown or nightie , love the feel .
nightie	there nothing wrong with men dressing in lingerie , when i get home at night the first thing i do is change into a nice silky nightgown or nightie , love the feel .
adelia	email : adelia smith < adorabledelia6...@gmail.com >
adorabledelia6...@gmail.com	email : adelia smith < adorabledelia6...@gmail.com >
clubbed	corporate plans are clubbed with other services through some agencies to provide better service for their staff .
http://discountairlineticket.blogspot.com/2005/10/some-techniques-to-...	complete article at : http://discountairlineticket.blogspot.com/2005/10/some-techniques-to-...
discriminated	several years ago i developed a short paper and pencil screening test which , in a small pilot study , discriminated between adhd , ld , and control subjects .
adhd	several years ago i developed a short paper and pencil screening test which , in a small pilot study , discriminated between adhd , ld , and control subjects .
checklists	a person can take it directly instead of others completing behavioral checklists or a completing a lengthy program intensive test like tova .
tova	a person can take it directly instead of others completing behavioral checklists or a completing a lengthy program intensive test like tova .
sadists	are there any sadists out there who share the same tastes as i do ?
gratifying	i do nt know what it is , but since a very young age i have had a strange but very gratifying urge to torture or maime animals .
maime	i do nt know what it is , but since a very young age i have had a strange but very gratifying urge to torture or maime animals .
releif	i am deadly serious , i really do get sexual releif from even hearing of torture of animals , now some people may call me a brute or a coward but i ca nt help my true feelings .
baiting	badger baiting is natrually a huge turn on , so i thought a few words in this group might uncover some mutual enthusiasts .
natrually	badger baiting is natrually a huge turn on , so i thought a few words in this group might uncover some mutual enthusiasts .
appologies	sincere appologies to anyone who is offended by my request but my request is genuine .
----==	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	-----== over 100,000 newsgroups - 19 different servers ! =-----
newsfeed.com	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----
uncensored	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	-----= posted via newsfeeds.com , uncensored usenet news =-----
==----	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----
newsgroup	the # 1 newsgroup service in the world !	> 100,000 newsgroups	the # 1 newsgroup service in the world !	> 100,000 newsgroups	http://www.newsfeeds.com - the # 1 newsgroup service in the world !	-----== over 100,000 newsgroups - 19 different servers ! =-----
newsgroups	> 100,000 newsgroups	> 100,000 newsgroups	-----== over 100,000 newsgroups - 19 different servers ! =-----
---=	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	---= 19 east / west - coast specialized servers - total privacy via encryption =---	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	---= 19 east / west - coast specialized servers - total privacy via encryption =---	-----= posted via newsfeeds.com , uncensored usenet news =-----	-----== over 100,000 newsgroups - 19 different servers ! =-----
=---	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	---= 19 east / west - coast specialized servers - total privacy via encryption =---	----== posted via newsfeed.com - unlimited - uncensored - secure usenet news ==----	---= 19 east / west - coast specialized servers - total privacy via encryption =---	-----= posted via newsfeeds.com , uncensored usenet news =-----	-----== over 100,000 newsgroups - 19 different servers ! =-----
gottlieb	my name is bill gottlieb :	bill gottlieb
1.3	$ 401.3 b - proposed military budget for 2004 .	i 'm the author of three books ( including the 1.3 million seller alternative cures ) and hundreds of magazine articles , and worked for 20 years at rodale press , as a writer and as editor - in - chief of prevention and rodale books .
rodale	i 'm the author of three books ( including the 1.3 million seller alternative cures ) and hundreds of magazine articles , and worked for 20 years at rodale press , as a writer and as editor - in - chief of prevention and rodale books .
preuss	currently , i am writing a book on natural supplements to aid weight loss , with harry preuss , md , a professor of medicine at georgetown university ; it is scheduled for publication by broadway ( random house ) in january 2007 .
anecdotes	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
dieters	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
hca	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
mct	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
oolong	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
cla	best quote ever my gate was stuck halfway open so i called a class garage doors dr services .	i know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , i will be calling a class garage doors	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
chromium	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
starch	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
blockers	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
chitosan	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
htp	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
hoodia	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
caralluma	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
hmb	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
bcaa	i am seeking anecdotes ( first name , last initial ) from dieters who successfully used a natural supplement to assist their weight loss ; the therapeutic agents under discussion include hca , mct , green or oolong tea extract , cla , chromium , starch - blockers , chitosan , 5 - htp , hoodia and caralluma , hmb , and bcaa .
gottlie...@yahoo.com	if you 've successfully used any of these supplement to aid weight loss , please write me at gottlie...@yahoo.com and let me know , telling me about your experience .
bottling	once upon a time ( in 2001 , to be specific ) , the coca - cola corporation built a bottling plant in a small and remote indian village in the state of kerala .	after several years of use , we arrive at the present day when the village people have suddenly discovered the fertilizer is actually the bottling plant 's waste sludge and is laden with cadmium , a highly toxic , cancer - causing heavy metal .
fertilizer	coca - cola calmed the concerns of the people and attempted to win back their favor by giving them vast amounts of free fertilizer , saying it would grow bountiful crops beyond their wildest dreams .	after several years of use , we arrive at the present day when the village people have suddenly discovered the fertilizer is actually the bottling plant 's waste sludge and is laden with cadmium , a highly toxic , cancer - causing heavy metal .
bountiful	coca - cola calmed the concerns of the people and attempted to win back their favor by giving them vast amounts of free fertilizer , saying it would grow bountiful crops beyond their wildest dreams .
wildest	coca - cola calmed the concerns of the people and attempted to win back their favor by giving them vast amounts of free fertilizer , saying it would grow bountiful crops beyond their wildest dreams .
sludge	after several years of use , we arrive at the present day when the village people have suddenly discovered the fertilizer is actually the bottling plant 's waste sludge and is laden with cadmium , a highly toxic , cancer - causing heavy metal .
cadmium	after several years of use , we arrive at the present day when the village people have suddenly discovered the fertilizer is actually the bottling plant 's waste sludge and is laden with cadmium , a highly toxic , cancer - causing heavy metal .
gnofhac	the greater new orleans fair housing action center ( gnofhac ) filed a housing discrimination complaint against the housing authority of new orleans ( hano ) last week .	as such , it is essential that hano comply with 2003 enforcement agreement , " said james perry , gnofhac executive director
hano	the greater new orleans fair housing action center ( gnofhac ) filed a housing discrimination complaint against the housing authority of new orleans ( hano ) last week .	the complaint , filed with the united states department of housing and urban development , accuses hano of violating a 2003 enforcement agreement entered into between former st. thomas housing development residents , the city of new orleans , hano , and the u.s. department of housing and urban development during the hope vi redevelopment of st. thomas , now known as river garden .	the current complaints allege that hano has not provided qualified former st. thomas residents a preference with respect to available public housing units at river garden per the 2003 agreement .	upon return to new orleans after the hurricane katrina evacuation , former residents have been informed that there are no available public housing units at river garden because those units have been reserved for hano employees .	as such , it is essential that hano comply with 2003 enforcement agreement , " said james perry , gnofhac executive director
66.80	new york 's main contract , light sweet crude for delivery in november rose 60 cents to close at 66.80 dollars per barrel .
64.73	in london , the price of brent north sea crude for november delivery advanced 53 cents to 64.73 dollars .
saffir	the us national hurricane center said rita was " extremely dangerous " and could become a top - level category five storm on the saffir - simpson scale .
tenterhooks	oil companies evacuated offshore facilities as the storm 's progress kept global markets on tenterhooks .
460,000	in texas , bp shut its 460,000 barrels per day refinery and marathon shut its 72,000 bpd plant .
72,000	net to enron lng marketing company - $ 272,000 ( $ 0.10 / mmbtu )	in texas , bp shut its 460,000 barrels per day refinery and marathon shut its 72,000 bpd plant .
valero	valero said it was reducing rates at its 243,000 bpd texas city refinery and its 85,000 bpd houston refinery .
243,000	valero said it was reducing rates at its 243,000 bpd texas city refinery and its 85,000 bpd houston refinery .
85,000	valero said it was reducing rates at its 243,000 bpd texas city refinery and its 85,000 bpd houston refinery .
exxon	exxon mobil released nonessential staff from two giant texas plants .
mobil	mobilising	was fast and easy , just had our car returned this morning , i would recommend these mobile mechanics for sure .	exxon mobil released nonessential staff from two giant texas plants .	i sent a phone to mobile phone exchange and it failed a test due to lost or stolen what should i do ?
bellow	please support the link bellow which is excelnt , thank for your click and attention :
excelnt	please support the link bellow which is excelnt , thank for your click and attention :
http://www.newscientistspace.com/article.ns?id=dn8293&feedid=human-spaceflight_atom03	[ http://www.newscientistspace.com/article.ns?id=dn8293&feedid=human-spaceflight_atom03 ]
bureaucratic	it 's just no longer bureaucratically impolite to openly contest the fbi 's ( former ) theory about a lone , american scientist .	but seeing how the private sector has been able to successfully transport civilians to the iss ( at about a fifth of the cost ) , it would come to no surprise if corporate america was able to out perform their bureaucratic friends in government .
11/16/2005	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 11/16/2005 08:36:00 am
08:36:00	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 11/16/2005 08:36:00 am
http://seattlepi.nwsource.com/national/apmideast_story.asp?category=1107&slug=palestinians%20abbas	[ http://seattlepi.nwsource.com/national/apmideast_story.asp?category=1107&slug=palestinians%20abbas ]
semi-objective	normally this author is semi-objective ( what blogger is ) but on the seattlepi.com ( see source link ) palestinian leader mahmoud abbas has demanded that israel leave all the land that it occupies before the 1967 border ( which includes east jerusalem by the way ) .
seattlepi.com	normally this author is semi-objective ( what blogger is ) but on the seattlepi.com ( see source link ) palestinian leader mahmoud abbas has demanded that israel leave all the land that it occupies before the 1967 border ( which includes east jerusalem by the way ) .
macho	if abbas keeps up this " macho talk " he will kill potential peace talks and might as well allow hamas ( which has probably done a better job at providing for the palestinians ) rule the west bank .
ramallah	interim palestinian leader and the front - runner in the upcoming jan. 9 , 2005 presidential election mahmoud abbas talks during his first official campaign speech in the west bank town of ramallah , saturday dec. 25 , 2004 .
cloaking	cloaking himself in yasser arafat 's legacy , abbas pledged to fulfill palestinian dreams of statehood .
yasser	cloaking himself in yasser arafat 's legacy , abbas pledged to fulfill palestinian dreams of statehood .	if abbas does not change his former thinking and continues the path of yasser arafat , then there will not be peace in the holy land and the palestinians will ultimately suffer .
fatah	listing his priorities , abbas told supporters of the ruling fatah party that he was determined to provide security to his people and continue the struggle against israel 's partially completed west bank barrier .
safed	abbas , a refugee himself from what is today the northern israeli city of safed , called the refugee issue " very important and very dangerous . "
12/26/2004	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 12/26/2004 10:46:08 pm
10:46:08	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 12/26/2004 10:46:08 pm
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4281450.stm	[ http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4281450.stm ]
escalating	the palestinian militant organisation hamas has announced an end to rocket attacks on israel from the gaza strip after a weekend of escalating violence .
unrestricted	authorised by ariel sharon to make " unrestricted " strikes , its military launched new missile attacks overnight .
zahar	mahmoud zahar , hamas 's leader declared the cease fire after israel killed it's former leader , muhammed sheikh khalil .
muhammed	mahmoud zahar , hamas 's leader declared the cease fire after israel killed it's former leader , muhammed sheikh khalil .	muhammed usman saddique , 24 , london e17
khalil	mahmoud zahar , hamas 's leader declared the cease fire after israel killed it's former leader , muhammed sheikh khalil .
khader	" we 're not happy with hamas 's position at this stage and in light of the israeli escalation against the palestinians , " commented khader habib , a senior islamic jihad official .
habib	" we 're not happy with hamas 's position at this stage and in light of the israeli escalation against the palestinians , " commented khader habib , a senior islamic jihad official .	" the problem is not with the palestinian resistance groups but with israel 's scheme to destroy the palestinians ' infrastructure , " habib said .
lashing	" we were screaming , hollering , flashing lights .	unless president mahmoud abbas steps in , gaza will probably look like a battle field by the time israel is done reminding hamas of their critical error , although currently the only thing abbas is doing is lashing out and refusing to take responsibility for his inability to act .
9/26/2005	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 9/26/2005 08:14:00 pm
08:14:00	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 9/26/2005 08:14:00 pm
5.76	$ 5.76 for the combo meal !!
\\	\\ //
//	http://www.ibiblio.org/expo/soviet.exhibit/chernobyl.html	http://www.ibrae.ac.ru/ibrae/eng/chernobyl/nat_rep/nat_repe.htm#24	http://www.nsrl.ttu.edu/chernobyl/wildlifepreserve.htm	http://www.environmentalchemistry.com/yogi/hazmat/articles/chernobyl1.html	http://digon_va.tripod.com/chernobyl.htm	http://www.oneworld.org/index_oc/issue196/byckau.html	http://www.collectinghistory.net/chernobyl/	http://www.ukrainianweb.com/chernobyl_ukraine.htm	http://www.bullatomsci.org/issues/1993/s93/s93marples.html	http://www.calguard.ca.gov/ia/chernobyl-15%20years.htm	http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/gregorovich/index.html	http://www.un.org/ha/chernobyl/	http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm	http://www.chernobyl.org.uk/page2.htm	http://www.time.com/time/daily/chernobyl/860901.accident.html	http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/elg/	http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.htm	http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/conclusions5.html	http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c01.html	http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c05.html	http://www.physics.isu.edu/radinf/chern.htm	http://www.chernobyl.info/en	http://www.arps.org.au/chernobyl.htm	http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html	http://www.21stcenturysciencetech.com/articles/chernobyl.html	the chernobyl children 's project ( http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp ) offers several ways to help the children of that region .	http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/asin/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939	http://www.disinfo.com/archive/pages/dossier/id334/pg1/	http://www.bigeye.com/111003.htm	http://www.thekcrachannel.com/news/4503872/detail.html	http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0509/p02s01-ussc.html?s=t5	http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/us_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html
miramar	what foods do you eat in miramar ?	what do you eat in miramar ?	when was miramar founded ?	miramar was founded september 20 1888 .	miramar ?	well you say miramar i say piramar	there are way more stranger names in the u.s for areas than miramar .	i think miramar was a famous goat trainer or something .	why is the city called miramar ?	i 'm not sure about the origin of the name but they are a lot of different cities with different and unique names like miramar so it 's just a name .	there 's lots of towns called miramar , it 'd help a lot if you listed a state or some sort of context you 're looking for it in .	there 's a miramar in florida , just north of miami .	there 's also a miramar in california , the site of a rather large air force base ...	miramar california is a bit north of san diego .	what is this miramar ?	do you think there are any koreans in miramar ?	besides eating good foods , what else do people do in miramar ?
argentinian	argentinian foods of course , lmao .	what is a good slogan for an argentinian restaurant ?
lmao	argentinian foods of course , lmao .
theyy	you mean miramar florida theyy have good seafood there
knowledgement	have you had any knowledgement about pearl pigment .?
vacationing	i will be vacationing there
baguio	does teacher 's camp in baguio also accomodate even 1 person ??	cos i ll be going to baguio alone and i have tight ?
accomodate	does teacher 's camp in baguio also accomodate even 1 person ??
http://www.couchsurfing.org/	http://www.couchsurfing.org/
cubism	what influenced picasso 's cubism style of painting ?	i 've seen that ....... that does not help me at all it says what cubism influenced not what influnced cubism
influnced	i 've seen that ....... that does not help me at all it says what cubism influenced not what influnced cubism
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cubism	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cubism
googling	try googling it for more info :)	try googling it or type it into youtube you might get lucky .
hha	anyone know of any hha training in delaware ?	i do hold a hha certificate in the state of ny but i looking to move to delaware anyone know how i can get certified in delaware ?
http://www.google.com/search?aq=0&oq=crazy+horse+mem&gcx=w&sourceid=chrome&ie=utf-8&q=crazy+horse+memorial	http://www.google.com/search?aq=0&oq=crazy+horse+mem&gcx=w&sourceid=chrome&ie=utf-8&q=crazy+horse+memorial
http://www.smooth-on.com/p132/beginner-brushable-mold-rubber-options/pages.html	http://www.smooth-on.com/p132/beginner-brushable-mold-rubber-options/pages.html
barring	give it three days barring sundays and holidays .
www.visitsouthshropshire.co.uk	www.visitsouthshropshire.co.uk
knuckle	do people bare - knuckle box in ireland ?	some members of the traveler community bare knuckle box .
r2d2	is r2d2 a stupid name for a cat ?
r2	http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm	is r2d2 a stupid name for a cat ?	i could call him r2 for short
gummibear	i have a cat named gummibear , so no , r2d2 is not a stupid name .
kudos	kudos .
pueble	okay so i live in san rafael ca like by the mi pueble and the home depot .. what are fun things to do around there ?
lounges	like any lounges ?
applebee	it seems like i 'm at a real restaurant like applebee s , their food is usually that good
mcdonal	i assume this is akin to why mcdonald 's trademarks " mc " everything ?	mcdonald s	i have a question about mcdonald 's monopoly !	which of these do you like : mcdonald s , burger king , taco bell , wendy s ?	mcdonal s the best for me	you live in nz and you eat mcdonald s ice cream ?
birding	i do n't know about birding in that part of the world but you might possibly find help at this site : http://www.wildlifeofpakistan.com/pakistanbirdclub/index.html
http://www.wildlifeofpakistan.com/pakistanbirdclub/index.html	i do n't know about birding in that part of the world but you might possibly find help at this site : http://www.wildlifeofpakistan.com/pakistanbirdclub/index.html
5233	5233 - nt
12's	no under 12's .
pancras	eurostar runs from london st pancras station .
5765	http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/asin/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939	5765 - ntkb
ntkb	5765 - ntkb
dresscod.com	you can view at dresscod.com
natzi	can you post a link that shows all the art works that were never found after the natzi stole them ?
musems	out of the 650 k est stolen works of art by the nazis ... 70 k still remain missing .. and there are thousands in musems that have n't been returned to their right full owners and heirs ..
piramar	well you say miramar i say piramar
miramir	miramir is for real , but there are a lot that make you wonder .
empanada	anyone have a good recipe for an empanada cordobes ?	how about empanadas arabes or other empanadas from that area of argentina ?	1 cup of empanadas	1 cup of other empanadas
cordobes	anyone have a good recipe for an empanada cordobes ?
empanadas	how about empanadas arabes or other empanadas from that area of argentina ?	1 cup of empanadas	1 cup of other empanadas
arabes	how about empanadas arabes or other empanadas from that area of argentina ?	1 cup of arabes
erm	erm ya how can i watch fair city online in england lols ?
lols	erm ya how can i watch fair city online in england lols ?
caoimhe	deco is still with caoimhe .
http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=forensic+photography&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&aq=t&rls=org.mozilla:en-us:official&client=firefox-a&safe=active&sout=1	http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=forensic+photography&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&aq=t&rls=org.mozilla:en-us:official&client=firefox-a&safe=active&sout=1
officiol	but iphone was the first " officiol " touch screen smart phone .
revolutionize	but it did revolutionize the way we think of as a smartphone .
sx40	canon sx40 or canon s100 ?
s100	canon sx40 or canon s100 ?
prettty	it s prettty much the same $$$ , please advice !?????!!!!
!?????!!!!	it s prettty much the same $$$ , please advice !?????!!!!
6400	it 's more compact , iso 6400 capability ( sx40 only 3200 ) , faster lens at f/2 and the sx40 only f / 2.7 .
3200	it 's more compact , iso 6400 capability ( sx40 only 3200 ) , faster lens at f/2 and the sx40 only f / 2.7 .
f/2	it 's more compact , iso 6400 capability ( sx40 only 3200 ) , faster lens at f/2 and the sx40 only f / 2.7 .
1080	both have full 1080 video with stereo recording , so that does n't matter .
digic	the s100 has a slightly larger screen and the new digic 5 processor .
faz	two years ago , pakistani president pervez musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main islamist alliance -- maulana fazlur rahman -- visited india and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .	if you are unsure whether or not you need your passport then faz will be able to help !
ssome	can ssome oone please tell me where i can buy some weed in auckland .
oone	of course , the sooner the us soldiers can be withdrawn in favor of less - provocative local or international forces , the better .	huskers drool over sooners .	huskers rule , sooners drool .	sooners rule .	i think valerie mooney ( our credit person ) and ed sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the loc format .	when you blame it all on society , there 's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fucked up kids who are likley smoking , drinking , doing drugs , fucking the neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they 're doing .	birds arrived sooner on their migrations from the south and plants flowered earlier .	they have a blast so the sooner they get there , the sooner they can have fun .	kusal goonewardena and his team of physios are unbelievable !	i called and got the same runaround on hold and noone calls you back .	america cried wolf in iraq , and what 's scary is that sooner or later , that wolf will probably get us .	kevin a. boone accenture -- houston consultant -- energy ( octel ) 713.837.1638 ( client ) 281.848.1619 ( c ) 713.306.7940 ( h ) 713.864.4149 kevin.a.boone@accenture.com	moving back to calgary in about a month which is a little sooner than i thought i would be going back but when opportunity knocks you got ta go .	can ssome oone please tell me where i can buy some weed in auckland .	with their proposal of a " earth - moon " highway , it looks like space tourism may become a reality sooner than we think .	the sooner the better but i 'd probably wait until after the holidays .
druggy	anyone who looks like a druggy or dodgy .
dodgy	anyone who looks like a druggy or dodgy .
lunde	very recently , us forces in al - anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing abdul - razaq inad al - gu'ud , sheikh of the al - bu nimr clan from the powerful dulaym tribe .	a recent report by a journalist from port blair , in the andamans , quoted an unnamed official saying that foreigners from myanmar , bangladesh and sri lanka have permanently settled in the islands , using fake indian ration cards , while citizens of thailand , china , indonesia and malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leave .	i should have asked then but i did n't the only line i remember is de lunde bar .. or something like that .. does anybody know which song i am talking about ?
findin	this is not a post about fault - finding or assigning blame .	the reported finding at dugway undermines the argument of both the " bomb iraq " crowd and the liberals focused on dr. steve hatfill who object to us biodefense research because they view it as being useful for offensive purposes .	the texas education reform caucus is made up of business leaders , educators , and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving education in texas .	the administration is hell bent on finding a " fall guy . "	peggy is finding out where wd # 143 pumps to onshore .	" one of the major , most well - documented and robust findings in ecology over the past century has been the crucial role of climate in determining the geographical distribution of species and ecological communities , " concluded a report titled " observed impacts of global climate change in the united states , " released by the pew center on global climate last week .	you might have to make your own nightlife by finding an izakaya ( pub ) somewhere .	this would be on a walk - in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good ( not relying on pictures from the internet ) and is in a spot we like .	they are dependable , have great connections in the community , and are a great resource for finding a job .	the staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding .	the only down fall of this pho house is the difficulty in finding parking in chinatown .	after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible .	to date they have not made good by either finding the key or paying for a new one .	however , they would never drive the car with me in it to prove their findings .	it is n't about finding the meaning of life at work .	for me it is n't about fulfillment or finding my life 's purpose in my work .	help findin a restaurant for anniversary in sf ?	cheap hotel rome - thanks for finding us a hotel at the last minute .	the september 11 panel will issue its findings on thursday .	the findings demonstrate the inhibitory network is central to controlling not only the amplitude , extent and duration of activation of recurrent excitatory cortical networks , but also the precise timing of action potentials , and , thus , network synchronization ... "	need help finding irish music ?
somone	it 's my two year anniversary in a few days and was wondering if somone could tell me about a great restaurant in sf or other nearby cities
ire	and , he did n't think he needed to know anything about south asia , with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the us .	kumaratunga 's india tour preceded a three - day visit to sri lanka by norwegian foreign minister jan petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that oslo successfully brokered in february 2002 .	as he did , he accumulated points toward his national guard service requirements .	at the time , guardsmen were required to accumulate a minimum of 50 points to meet their yearly obligation .	[ in other words , bush earned enough points to satisfy the requirements for his entire six year hitch in 1969 - 1970 alone .	requests like that were n't unusual , says retired col. william campenni , who flew with bush in 1970 and 1971 .	from may 1972 to may 1973 , he earned just 56 points - not much , but enough to meet his requirement .	in june and july of 1973 , he accumulated 56 points , enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973 - 1974 year .	and , as it is with kerry , it 's reasonable to look at a candidate 's entire record , including his military service - or lack of it .	the kerry camp blames bush for the swift boat veterans ' attack , but anyone who has spent much time talking to the swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .	after asking me which tribe i belong to ( thus assessing my sectarian background ) he started hurling abuses at the shia , calling them persians , majoos ( fire worshippers ) , rabid dogs and a handful of other descriptions that i ca n't mention here .	i had another conversation some months ago with a retired ba'athist old - timer who claimed that ba'athists have the means to stage a third coup d'etat and return to power within 10 hours of an american withdrawal .	i concur that ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates , along with the capital , if americans are to be removed from the picture entirely .	wilson had been able to show that he 'd had more than 80 " non-social contacts " with the cia since his retirement in 1971 , leaving the prosecution 's case in turmoil .	third ranking cia officer , briggs signed a declaration on february 3rd , 1983 , that on november 8th , 1982 , he had authorized a search of cia records " for any material that in any way pertains to edwin p. wilson , or the various allegations concerning his activities after february 28th , 1971 , when he retired from the cia . "	the briggs declaration states that with one exception in 1972 , wilson did not work " directly or indirectly " for the cia since retiring .	information pointing in this direction came to light after the december 26 tsunami , which took a heavy toll on the andamans .	the drugs and arms travel in all directions .	on south andaman , the most heavily populated island , is port blair , which is the capital and the only large town in the entire archipelago .	'' should pakistan show us any evidence of an indian hand using afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , " says amrullah saleh the head of afghanistan 's national security directorate . ]	'' should pakistan show us any evidence of an indian hand using afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , " says amrullah saleh the head of afghanistan 's national security directorate .	the debate that a handful of texas multi-millionnaires close to the bush family have cleverly manufactured over john kerry 's war record is absurd in every way .	the true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that george w. bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life .	kerry saved a man 's life while under fire .	when the cities are on fire with the burning flesh of men	american defence chiefs hired a us firm to take the guns , from the 90s bosnian war , to iraq .	but then , even to talk of an " administration " may be misdirection at this point , given how little representative government means in the united states these days , and how much of " national security " has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns .	funny how some things are squirelled away by well - meaning prosecutors ...	christ , you 'd think america would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots .	which may explain the pattern to their stories : a journey to self - empowerment and the enlightenment of self - sacrifice inspired by the light and wisdom of maryam and massoud .	we 're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political - spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection .	are the adherent of ' crowleyan thelema ' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '
http://www.stuff.co.nz/dominion-post/	the top two are going ' head to head ' in a final vote on that opens on wednesday on - http://www.stuff.co.nz/dominion-post/
wellywood	wellywood looks rather cheap and tacky
tacky	wellywood looks rather cheap and tacky	restaurant on top was renovated , food was decent , price was way to high for duluth for quality , new decor seems tacky
peopel	what kind of meal do peopel in argentina have ?
chorizo	they eat lots of grilled meat , chorizo , and such , with potatoes
plllz	reasons plllz
beacuse	maybe it 's beacuse you love to work with animals and you just ca n't be ha[[y if you were n't soing that job
ha[[y	maybe it 's beacuse you love to work with animals and you just ca n't be ha[[y if you were n't soing that job
soing	maybe it 's beacuse you love to work with animals and you just ca n't be ha[[y if you were n't soing that job
restraunts	cheap restraunts close to orchestra hall in chicago ?
enlighten	which may explain the pattern to their stories : a journey to self - empowerment and the enlightenment of self - sacrifice inspired by the light and wisdom of maryam and massoud .	it 's this sort of enlightened self interest that keeps large open source projects alive .	if you know or work there could you enlighten me ?
tats	i do n't think they ban if the tats are n't offensive and you should make them not noticeable at the time of the interview but once you got the job there nothing they can really say if so you have a sue / case against them
..?	why does it always have to be my deals ...?!!!	privacy in kerala , help pls ..?
shal	i seem to remember something about ' by their works shall ye know them . "	i shall spend an entire day at prc ( performance review ) on friday , july 7 .	will you be in houston on that day or we shall do it over the phone ?	i shall be glad to review your website -- www.weathereffects.com .	i shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me .	i shall be available on both days .	" other provisions : on each payment date , [ ena ] shall pay [ a fee of ] [ an amount equal to ] usd { 38,000 ? ] , which amount shall be subject to the netting provisions of the [ master agreement - how do you refer to the agreement ? ] "	the change is mainly on the settlement date text , which instead of " ... two business days after the date of the transaction ... " shall read as follow :	a currency transaction with enron europe finance & trading limited ( " eeftl " ) as agent for risk management & trading corp. under which either ( a ) for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to buy from eeftl , counterparty shall receive the base currency amount and shall pay the foreign currency amount , or ( b ) for the case in which counterparty submits an offer to sell to eeftl , counterparty shall pay the base currency amount and shall receive the foreign currency amount .	the base currency amount shall equal the volume submitted by the counterparty via the website .	the foreign currency amount shall equal the base currency amount , multiplied by the daily london metal exchange ( lme ) fixing rate as published by reuters on page mtle on the date of the transaction , modified by the price submitted by the counterparty via the website .	the term of the transaction shall correspond to the date ( s ) set forth in the product description on the website .	the settlement date shall be the date ( s ) set forth in the product description on the website .	the unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be us dollars .	i shall be glad to make arrangements for an interview .	the term of the transaction shall be from the effective date ( or start date ) to the termination date ( or end date ) .	the contract quantity shall be quantity submitted by counterparty via enrononline ( 5 % greater or lesser allowance at seller 's option ) .	payment shall be made , against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the general terms and conditions , in the contractual currency by telegraphic transfer no later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the commodity is released to buyer .	the unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons ( 2000 lbs ) and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month .	upon receipt , i shall forward to each of you a copy of the reviews for your respective associate .	insurance - david marshall	cheryl marshall	cheryl marshall	i do hope to see you visiting us at the fire and we shall prepare a feast for you , as well .	a bold step taken shall not be regretted , i assure you .	make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it .	best answer shall receive points :)	i go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ 25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !	can you send me the data you used : i shall take a look at it .	amount of benefit payments reads " the value of the shares , and resulting payment amount will be based on the closing price of enron corp. common stock on the january 1 before the date of payment , and such payment shall be made in shares of enron corp. common stock . "	i need to hav sm good time spent with my gf .. in kerala .. in which all places in kerala shal i expect ambience and privacy for making love .. pls help . thank you	opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .
ambience	i need to hav sm good time spent with my gf .. in kerala .. in which all places in kerala shal i expect ambience and privacy for making love .. pls help . thank you	cool ambience .
trivandrum	house boat is a perfect place also beach resorts in trivandrum and the raviz in kollam @ da syd f ashtamudi lake in kollam
raviz	house boat is a perfect place also beach resorts in trivandrum and the raviz in kollam @ da syd f ashtamudi lake in kollam
kollam	house boat is a perfect place also beach resorts in trivandrum and the raviz in kollam @ da syd f ashtamudi lake in kollam
syd	house boat is a perfect place also beach resorts in trivandrum and the raviz in kollam @ da syd f ashtamudi lake in kollam
ashtamudi	house boat is a perfect place also beach resorts in trivandrum and the raviz in kollam @ da syd f ashtamudi lake in kollam
houseboat	houseboat in kerala is a good option for you , all the best !!!
varkala	try varkala , it s a ammazing and is by the beach .
ammazing	try varkala , it s a ammazing and is by the beach .
thr	my neighbourhood has been surrounded by american troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .	elena 's motorcycle tour through the region around chernobyl has revived interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history .	the dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the chernobyl accident in all three countries - belarus , russia , and ukraine - in the post-accident period is characterized by persistent negative tendencies : the morbidity rate is going up , the number of really healthy children is dropping , and disability is increasing .	these are 1 ) assassinate or overthrow gen. pervez musharraf , the pakistani military " president " who had made a coup in 1999 and has thrown in his lot with the united states against the taliban and al - qaeda .	al - zawahiri attempted to use musharraf 's lack of progress in helping the muslims of that indian state as a justification for his overthrow .	the kashmir issue generates far more terrorism , and even the threat of nuclear war , than iraq ever did .	" it is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected governments , " said david leavy , spokesman for the national security council .	not only did bush not know who general pervez musharraf was , he seems to have confused coup - making with " taking office , " and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the pakistan military , then the world 's strongest supporter of the taliban , would bring " stability ! "	and , he did n't think he needed to know anything about south asia , with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the us .	the biggest threat israel faces is not from conventional armies but from the asymmetrical tactics of palestinian national liberation movements .	if it is hard to see how baathist iraq posed any real threat to israel , it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability .	the anger has spread throughout the muslim world , including iraq .	kumaratunga 's india tour preceded a three - day visit to sri lanka by norwegian foreign minister jan petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that oslo successfully brokered in february 2002 .	india keeps what it has while pakistan and china ( which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago ) do likewise .	fifty - three weeks of flight training .	that was 80 weeks to begin with , and there were other training periods thrown in as well .	several candidates were assassinated and targeted these last two weeks , others have been forced under threats to withdraw and to follow the example of the islamic party .	his case threatens the consensus fiction of the " war on terror . "	last week , federal district judge lynn hughes in huston , texas , threw out wilson 's two - decades old conviction .	while the indian army has become rock - solid in the western front , and has developed the capability of withstanding any pakistani adventure in that sector , it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector , where its enemy is not a national army but a multitude of secessionist , terrorist and drug - running militants operating between southeast asia and northeastern india through bangladesh .	these islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the strait of malacca , through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily , bringing in oil for the far east and southeast asia .	the real threat to the andaman islands is the steady building - up of ports and conduits that serve the tamil tigers and a host of less - strong militant groups .	the route from kalikhola in bhutan to cox 's bazar passes through northern bengal , assam and meghalaya , and on into chittagong .	that changed on september 22 when president george w. bush , musharraf and karzai held a three way meeting in new york on the sidelines of the un general assembly .	all three are extremist taliban or their allies and known to be living in pakistan .	'' it was the first time that bush totally focused on the taliban threat rather than al qaeda with the pakistanis , '' says a western diplomat .	an afghan official at the meeting added , '' the americans now realise that the taliban are a bigger threat to our security than al qaeda . ''	with the us military presence posing a threat on their borders in both iraq and afghanistan , iran 's moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise karzai so that the us presence in afghanistan is reduced .	however general barno insists the us presence poses no threat to iran .	this little - noted interview with blount 's nephew murph archibald , which appeared on national public radio 's " all things considered on march 30 , 2004 , gives a devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through bush in that period .	but throughout alabama , there were republicans and democrats who wanted to help red blount .
firangs	people are open minded thr since the place is frequented by firangs .
cockatiels	cockatiels can lay unfertilized eggs as well .
unfertilized	cockatiels can lay unfertilized eggs as well .
fertilized	cockatiels can lay unfertilized eggs as well .	if you see a dark spot in the egg , that means it is fertilized and will hatch if cared for properly .
?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????	boy trouble ?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
unforchunitly	ok well i have a crush on 2 guys but unforchunitly it is almost valentine s day afnd i just broke up with my and i have dated one of the guys i like and one guy lives in my naborhood guy i need your help i am a girl but i need a guy s help what shoul i do ?
afnd	ok well i have a crush on 2 guys but unforchunitly it is almost valentine s day afnd i just broke up with my and i have dated one of the guys i like and one guy lives in my naborhood guy i need your help i am a girl but i need a guy s help what shoul i do ?
naborhood	ok well i have a crush on 2 guys but unforchunitly it is almost valentine s day afnd i just broke up with my and i have dated one of the guys i like and one guy lives in my naborhood guy i need your help i am a girl but i need a guy s help what shoul i do ?
shoul	if he or she did not , then they should have all the same rights as other iraqis .	in the last decade , there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and , to a certain extent , adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former soviet union ( wi940 ) which should be attributed to the chernobyl accident until proven otherwise .	on the one hand , it should pressure musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " legal framework order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	on the other , restrictions should be lifted on the mainstream muslim league - n and pakistan people 's party , who can defeat the mma in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret police .	on the other hand , the us should strong - arm india and pakistan into a final settlement of the kashmir issue .	it should continue to be defanged .	texas gov. george w. bush is enduring sharp criticism for being unable to name the leaders of four current world hot spots , but president bill clinton says bush " should , and probably will , pick up " those names .	so , one answer to bush 's charge about edwards is that if it had any merit , bush should have declined to run himself .	and it should be noted in passing that kerry has personally questioned bush 's service , while bush has not personally questioned kerry 's .	we should know as much as we can .	he should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , cia operative michael meiring .	posada should have told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like meiring told the single american reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from the philippines , that " if this harms me in any way , you will find my power then , and you 'll find out who i am . "	" the elections should be a reassurance to all our neighbours that a stable afghanistan , a peaceful afghanistan is good for all .	nobody should feel a looser in afghanistan , '' president hamid karzai told pakistan 's english daily the nation .	their removal should also provide increased motivation for pakistan to help the return of moderate taliban .	at a time of heightened tensions between tehran and washington over iran 's nuclear weapons program and calls by neo-conservatives in washington that a second bush term should deal with iran aggressively , the iranians fear that shindand could be used as a listening post , spying facility and even a launching pad for any future us actions against iran .	it is now abundantly clear that with the rapidly changing face of afghanistan , the demise of key northern alliance figures and the fluid political situation in afghanistan , pakistan should reconsider its policy of giving unlimited sanctuary to taliban extremists living on pakistani soil .	it should not be left in the hands of a man who spent his life like this .	perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the ' church - morality ' crowd , which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor , but does n't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation .	these are the four main pillars of the current world conflict , or perhaps we should already refer to it as " the undeclared world war iii " :	the punishment for suicide murder should be death or arrest before the murder , not during and not after .	perhaps sudan should be added to the list .	by 1998 , zawahiri had determined that the egyptian islamic jihad should focus on its struggle against the united states and hold off on further attacks against the egyptian regime .	he believed that the koran instructed that a jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader .	the wall street journal reported that a computer used by zawahiri contains a june 1999 memo that " said the program should seek cover and talent in educational institutions , which it said were ' more beneficial to us and allow easy access to specialists , which will greatly benefit us in the first stage , god willing . ' ''	by 1998 , zawahiri had determined that the egyptian islamic jihad should focus on its struggle against the united states and hold off on further attacks against the egyptian regime .	zawahiri said that the us should expect another 9/11 on us soil .	elena 's title is admin coordinator , and i know that sara should not have this title , and honestly do not think that elena should also .	it would still give him room to progress in the current job group should he not be promoted .	if you have not already made these decisions , essie 's guidance should be helpful .	i think this entity should stay with 83n .	it should be 4 - easy .
amd	amd i like 2 guys	the supreme court announced its ruling today in hamdan v. rumsfeld divided along idelogical lines with john roberts abstaining due to his involvement at the d.c. circuit level and anthony kennedy joining the liberals in a 5 - 3 decision that is 185 pages long .
lourdes	i m traveling to lourdes for a day
luggages	yes storage for your luggages is still available at gare montparnasse .
altough	pay attention , altough there are automatic storage , you can only pay with coins ( they 're now installing some where you 'll be able to pay with credit card , but it 's sporadic now .
3,40	price : 3,40 euros , 5 euros or 7,5 euros ( 1 ) for a 72 heures lenght .
7,5	current salary : $ 47,500	peter makkai strong $ 47,500	price : 3,40 euros , 5 euros or 7,5 euros ( 1 ) for a 72 heures lenght .
heures	price : 3,40 euros , 5 euros or 7,5 euros ( 1 ) for a 72 heures lenght .
lenght	price : 3,40 euros , 5 euros or 7,5 euros ( 1 ) for a 72 heures lenght .
islad	1 ) what islad of fiji is a good island that is not too far from the main airpart in fiji .
airpart	1 ) what islad of fiji is a good island that is not too far from the main airpart in fiji .
morcillas	where can i get morcillas in tampa bay , i will like the argentinian type , but i will to try anothers please ?	i searched all over the internet , but i could not find one place in tampa bay that sells morcillas , also known as blood pudding , black pudding and blood sausages .	i learned that morcillas are basically impossible to find all across the north american region .	i do n't know , and it is because i do n't like them , do you know that , morcillas is coagulated blood from animals , ewww
anothers	where can i get morcillas in tampa bay , i will like the argentinian type , but i will to try anothers please ?
sausages	i searched all over the internet , but i could not find one place in tampa bay that sells morcillas , also known as blood pudding , black pudding and blood sausages .	but i did find this website , www.igourmet.com , where they sell all types of sausages , including blood sausages !	so follow the link at the bottom and buy some blood sausages .	do you prefer ham , bacon or sausages with your breakfast ?	thick cut bacon or really good sausages
www.igourmet.com	but i did find this website , www.igourmet.com , where they sell all types of sausages , including blood sausages !
yuck	yuck !!
coagulated	i do n't know , and it is because i do n't like them , do you know that , morcillas is coagulated blood from animals , ewww
ewww	i do n't know , and it is because i do n't like them , do you know that , morcillas is coagulated blood from animals , ewww
noida	is there any kind of public transport available between noida and greater noida ?
roadways	up roadways buses ply frequently between sector - 37 crossing in noida and kasna in greater noida , passing through pari chowk .
ply	but sharon 's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace , and the bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the west bank and gaza .	bush was only able to give a partial response to the query on the leader of taiwan , referring to taiwanese president lee teng - hui simply as " lee . "	sunni arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the palestinians and with hamas , and those in iraq have deep historical inks with fundamentalists in jordan and palestine .	unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in south asia , pervez musharraf has now called colin powell 's bluff , challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the indians jump to his commands .	however us military officers say regular army officers - many of them pashtun - leading units of the frontier corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the taliban and the mullahs of the jui .	iranian officials are deeply concerned about the us occupation of shindand , a massive soviet - era airbase just 30 kilometres from iran 's border .	in fact , when i broached the subject with him , he simply changed the subject .	and this was simply his opening gambit ; he would start talking about that he had been out late the night before drinking .	just go here , it s simply amazing	perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the ' church - morality ' crowd , which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor , but does n't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation .	simply , the questions permeate the entire ' western ( mystery ) tradition ' and perhaps ' eastern ' as well , as they relate to the confluence of politics and spirituality .	a suicide murder is simply a horrible , vicious weapon of cruel , inhuman , cynical , well - funded terrorists , with no regard to human life , including the life of their fellow countrymen , but with very high regard to their own affluent well - being and their hunger for power .	you should reply asap .	please let them know that i was simply quoting the ceo of a large , regulated utility in california .	if you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone .	with regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with , do we not want to add the canadian provinces new " eligible swap participant " equivalant rules ?	our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .	i just got done looking at the underlying contract language as set forth in the pro forma service agreement in the tariff and it specifically says that the max rate would apply unless a discount or negotiated rate has been agreed to .	my concern with adding the language below is , could it be argued that not everyone knew the rate would or could apply at any point , since we just stated topack and needles and if they knew they might have bid a different rate ??	enron will guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled dispatch period and accept supply to the 15th of each scheduled dispatch period .	if you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy this message or disclose its contents to anyone .	obviously the foreign offices have issues that may not apply in the us ( although la. is about as close as you can get to a third world country ) .	i 've simply lost track !	on my panel , loretta lynch asked reliant and duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers .	thank you very much for your quick reply .	9 . in the gtc , the ecp rep should also apply to eesi .	it simply refers to the same icc publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally .	if you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone .	here are the revised dates for the response / reply / and hearing dates for enron 's motion to compel .	the trustee 's oppositon papers are now due nov 27 and enron reply is due dec 1 .	please reply in strict confidence to the contact numbers below .	while some looters are stealing non-essential goods , others are simply trying to find food and water .
kasna	up roadways buses ply frequently between sector - 37 crossing in noida and kasna in greater noida , passing through pari chowk .
pari	tangipahoa parish sheriff 's deputy christopher blair labat , 24 , was booked tuesday on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature .	on monday , louis lamonica , 45 , the former pastor of hosanna church , was booked with two counts of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature after he walked in to the livingston parish sheriff 's office and said he could implicate others in a situation at the church that reportedly occurred two years ago .	mrs. arafat , who lives in paris with her daughter , receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt palestinian authority , while a typical local ringleader of the al - aksa brigade , reporting to arafat , receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars , for performing murders at the retail level .	tue. sept. 26 - drive to nice , return car , fly to paris	wed. sept. 27 - paris	thur. sept. 28 - paris ( versailles or fontainbleu - half day side trip )	fri. sept. 29 - paris ( giverny - monet 's gardens - 3 / 4 day side trip )	sat. sept. 30 - paris	sun. oct. 1 - paris to london in afternoon - probably by eurostar train - ( arrv. london late afternoon )	claude mandil , the executive director of the international energy agency in paris , said the reserves in the east china sea were hardly worth the trouble .	<< after having written so far , don martin decoud , the exotic dandy of the parisian boulevard , got up and walked across the sanded floor of the cafe at one end of the albergo of united italy , kept by giorgio viola , the old companion of garibaldi .	took a bit of searching to discover that pop is probably pop - plaster of paris and yes plaster of paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in fact , if you are building up plaster ( " the way you would icing " ) to do sculpting , which is rather uncommon , you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster " mud "	plaster of paris does two things	in the airport , follow the signs that say " paris by train " .	buy a ticket for paris .	as i recall , this bus drops you off near the opera in paris .	paris or england while studying aboard ?	parisians dislike americans for their lack of speaking french and proper french manners .	you 'll need to have intermediate french to have a good time in paris .	however , outside paris everybody is wonderful .	nobody likes the parisians , even then parisians do n't like parisians .	if your french is good / moderate , then head to paris without a doubt .	a great breakfast which was included every morning until 9:30 am ; yummy fresh parisian croissants .	we were introduced to bistro tallulah by traveler - professional diner who happens to own the adelphi hotel and travels the world -- and residing in paris , london , new york the rest of the year .	up roadways buses ply frequently between sector - 37 crossing in noida and kasna in greater noida , passing through pari chowk .	apart from these there are numerous cabs that ferry passengers between sector - 37 crossing and pari chowk .
chowk	up roadways buses ply frequently between sector - 37 crossing in noida and kasna in greater noida , passing through pari chowk .	apart from these there are numerous cabs that ferry passengers between sector - 37 crossing and pari chowk .
cabs	apart from these there are numerous cabs that ferry passengers between sector - 37 crossing and pari chowk .
dtc	buses , dtc buses , call center cabs , private white line buses most frequently running between noida and greater noida .
??.	i want to be able to use it in my car , out n about etc ... i guess like an iphone , but that s later on and , i know what they are so no suggestions on just goin out to buy one i m talking about right now just for an ipod ??.
3g	you got ta get an iphone for 3g ... only way ... actually there is a thing that you pay for monthly that gets wifi from satellite and you can connect to it anywhere but you have to cary it with you
vietam	i 'm doing a report on how afghanistan and vietam are different and alike .
wensday	will someone plz help me it 's due wensday !?!?! :(
!?!?!	will someone plz help me it 's due wensday !?!?! :(
revisionist	alike ... both were fought for securities reasons by the us ( no matter what the liberal revisionist historians tell you ) .
twinky	my cat s name is twinky .
creme	she is a creme tabby and i 've had her for over 2 years now .
tabby	she is a creme tabby and i 've had her for over 2 years now .
siamese	i have a siamese lynx name star we called her that because she has a star pattern on her face .
veiled	what does it mean when a veiled chameleon egg is soft ?
chameleon	what does it mean when a veiled chameleon egg is soft ?	my female chameleon just laid eggs yesterday and today some of the eggs are soft when i mean soft i mean like not like ordinary chameleon eggs .
infertile	they are probably infertile .	if there is no male they are probably infertile !	if she has no male to fertilize the eggs , the eggs will aways be infertile .
fertilize	coca - cola calmed the concerns of the people and attempted to win back their favor by giving them vast amounts of free fertilizer , saying it would grow bountiful crops beyond their wildest dreams .	after several years of use , we arrive at the present day when the village people have suddenly discovered the fertilizer is actually the bottling plant 's waste sludge and is laden with cadmium , a highly toxic , cancer - causing heavy metal .	cockatiels can lay unfertilized eggs as well .	if you see a dark spot in the egg , that means it is fertilized and will hatch if cared for properly .	if she has no male to fertilize the eggs , the eggs will aways be infertile .
hrs	i have 24 hrs in san francisco - what are the best sights to see in my short time ?
bartrail	we are staying next to the airport which is located next to bartrail .
geiven	we have limited time what are the best sights to see , geiven that we only have a short time ?
gg	the referenced tagg # was entered as a ' new counterparty ' , can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure .	aaaaaggghhhhhh ...	we are also a group who is looking for members for our own select guild called ulgg of gw ... which is a part of the alliance with the same name .	for example , a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting must be dry - it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip - while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#lggobproj	it 'll take you to all the major sites ( gg bridge , haight , chinatown , etc ) and you can get off anyplace you want to spend more time at .	http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&rlz=1g1gglq_enus359&q=gunther+uecker+biography&gs_sm=c&gs_upl=484l484l0l5093l1l1l0l0l0l0l328l328l3-1l1l0&um=1&ie=utf-8&tbm=isch&source=og&sa=n&tab=wi&biw=1221&bih=756&sei=xvg5tqrrgoxk2axg0ry-bw#um=1&hl=en&rlz=1g1gglq_enus359&tbm=isch&sa=1&q=gunther+uecker+artist&pbx=1&oq=gunther+uecker+&aq=1s&aqi=g1g-s3&aql=&gs_sm=c&gs_upl=10219l10219l0l13797l1l1l0l0l0l0l125l125l0.1l1l0&bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.,cf.osb&fp=13ddcdc64cbf5fd&biw=1221&bih=756
anyplace	it 'll take you to all the major sites ( gg bridge , haight , chinatown , etc ) and you can get off anyplace you want to spend more time at .
goldstar.com	go to goldstar.com and get tickets for about a third of the price .
alcatraz	alcatraz island
!!!!!!!!!!!!!?	can i have some indoor pet ideas please !!!!!!!!!!!!!?
attn	they all need love and attn , food , proper surroundings etc .
amt	ramtanu maitra	ramtanu maitra writes for a number of international journals and is a regular contributor to the washington - based eir and the new delhi - based indian defense review .	http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/	the easiest thing would be a fish - but u need to clean the tank weekly , feed it the right amt , etc etc x
rodent	yes i 've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good	so if you lose him , he is easier to find , because smaller rodents just love to escape from their cages .	i would go with a small rodent such as a mouse , rat , hamster or gerbil if you want something you can handle and hold .
sensuality	french male sensuality ?
straigthforward	french women are the ones to say yes , the way we say it is not usually as straigthforward as you propose to do .
lovley	lovley food and fab chips
fab	but the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish , in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications , which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about .	it is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those western media who collaborate with it out of naivety , financial interests or ignorance .	if democracy is just free elections , it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected , the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .	i found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it : i do n't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .	continue pre-fab crap .	i use miracle cloth , they 're fantastic , just do n't use fabric softener or dryer sheets when cleaning them , it ruins their " grabbing " ability .	they have fabulous french toast too .	hair by nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had my hair cut and colored at another salon i felt more confident and the girls are fantastic and i ve been going there now for 2 years always happy and they care about my hair had my hair done for my wedding it looked fabolous !	this french born , french trained chef and his creative partners offer a taste fresh , locally sourced , fabulously prepared food in the most unlikely of locations .	you 've got maids did a fabulous job cleaning my home .	it used to be fabulous , why did you guys change it ??	they sent over someone who said he knows nothing about curtains and could not show me fabric options or give an estimate .	tiffany is fabulous !	but she did a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair in a way i could do it at home .	i 've stayed at this fabulous little motel two years running , and i have to say it 's one of the best lodging experiences i 've ever had on the coast ... and i 'm even comparing it to the big resorts i 've stayed at !	he brought fabric books , and pictures of furniture only , which all came way over budget .	lovley food and fab chips	it s fab !	hancocks is one of four fabric stores in fort smith .	they do have a good selection of fabric and notions .	breathtaking views and fabulous accommodation .	it was all sorted with no hassle at all and i 'm really grateful - they were fab .
keene	structuring / technology - brad alford , chris coffman , bill keeney	cheapest drinks in keene !
feces	the food tasted like rat feces
guality	high guality pup food at a good price .
bislas	it is now bislas .
keying	great job master keying our building .
dorn	dr. dorn is his backup .
++++++++++++++++++	thanks for fixing my garage door a ++++++++++++++++++
cosy	plants are critical to wildland ecosystems . "	as the pew report concluded , " sufficient studies now exist to conclude that the consequences of climate change are already detectable within u.s. ecosystems . "	such consequences include shifting and , in some cases , contraction of ranges and changes in species composition within ecosystems .	the report also found alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storage .	nice and quiet place with cosy living room just outside the city .
electrician	great electrician .
vingas	vingas
visakha	visakha industrial gases pvt. ltd. , location at google maps .
pvt.	visakha industrial gases pvt. ltd. , location at google maps .
reston	midtown reston has great location and luxurious environment .
homestyle	if you 're looking for homestyle japanese food , you ca n't beat this
meh	in his fall 2001 book titled knights under the banner of the prophet , zawahiri argued that the secular press was telling " lies " about the militant islamists -- to include the suggestion that the militant islamists were somehow the creation of the united states in connection with expelling the russians from afghanistan .	i just got of the phone with hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily p&l #'s right , if nothing were done the month end p&l would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .	there was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value .	i just got of the phone with hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily p&l #'s right , if nothing were done the month end p&l would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .	there was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value .	let me put it this way - if you have watched tv recently , crossed a modern bridge , flown in an airplane , recieved any form of modern medicine , did any mathematics , drove a car , used a cellular phone , etc. then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which nasa has returned to us .	she is also peeing around the box and somehow it gets underneath .	somehow , since she supposedly does n't know any names of designers / dresses , after i told her the designer and dress name of the one i was comparing , she knew " exactly which dress " i was referring to and disagreed with my observation ; she said that the bodice did come as low as the one i had on .	ca n't remember good or bad , so it must have been meh .
microdermabrasions	i get microdermabrasions regularly and i love the environment
caters	food is awful and the place caters to the yuppy crowd .
yuppy	food is awful and the place caters to the yuppy crowd .
let's	food drastically let's the place down though
marisol	marisol
++	++++++ confidentiality notice +++++	top range of bike , cheap prices , excellent a +++	excellent , top guys a +++++ reccommend to anyone !!!!!!!!!!	a +++	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	thanks for fixing my garage door a ++++++++++++++++++	a ++	we at home love it at $ 80 +++
kliotech	kliotech
mmog	a company which provide good quality portals , e-commerce solutions , web based mmog ... etc
yay	yay , great theater !!!
4783	has moved to 4783 bay rd saginaw , michigan 48604 ( 989 ) 755-1109
saginaw	has moved to 4783 bay rd saginaw , michigan 48604 ( 989 ) 755-1109
48604	has moved to 4783 bay rd saginaw , michigan 48604 ( 989 ) 755-1109
989	india had to pull back its forces from sri lanka in 1989 following the election of ranasinghe premadasa , a strong critic of indian mediation .	samuel x3-9890 enw_gcp	samuel x3-9890 ( gcp ) enron net works _ global data management	samuel x3-9890 enw_gcp	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	carol st. clair eb 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	has moved to 4783 bay rd saginaw , michigan 48604 ( 989 ) 755-1109	ey4096.3 performance 01-feb-02 p 202,989 $ 195,610
755-1109	has moved to 4783 bay rd saginaw , michigan 48604 ( 989 ) 755-1109
burch	what more can be said : " burch 's karate is the greatest ! "
brilll	brilll .
aweesome	aweesome
gurgaon	the address is for noida location not for gurgaon location .
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	so go and get dancing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	the teaching there sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ect.	teachers good diverse student body ( african - american , asian , ect. ) equals kids staying here !
9.62	$ 9.62 excluding tip with water to drink for the buffet .
venza	they did a vehicle wrap for my toyota venza that looks amazing .
billboards	they also do banners , billboards and lots more .
phx	this is the best mediterranean restaurant in the west valley , i have friend who drive from central phx to come here .
hollister	be more careful when you write reviews - this is an accounting group , not hollister the clothing store .
hireing	a well communicated and will be hireing again for another projects ......
libido	i heard the libido band play live and they are out of site !!
tropics	i will be calling tropics for my companie s next event !
cecile	cecile is a hairdresser and has just moved into the neighbourhood .
crave	food is just okay .. wo n't crave it , but would n't mind coming back for a quick meal .	i crave those .
inefficient	not only are these people completely inefficient and ineffective , but they just do n't give a darn .
mcmanus	i 'm very happy with the piano lessons mrs. lynda mcmanus taught me .
yum	yum .
tortillas	worst place flour tortillas are always hard the beef enchiladas are discussing meat all over cooked was good many yrs ago but restaurant has gone down hill
awsome	awsome !
fave	fish tacos are my fave simple and filling highly recommend mi pueblo .
calzones	best pizzas and calzones in the city !
hairstyles	great service and hairstyles that last .
luxe	i am pleased with the service that i get at luxe .
adz	i won a golf lesson certificate with adz through a charity auction .	the lesson was donated by the teacher adz .
scharffen	it 's fine for mass - market chocolate , but with companies like scharffen berger , tcho , and smaller artisan chocolate makers in the area , why ?
tcho	it 's fine for mass - market chocolate , but with companies like scharffen berger , tcho , and smaller artisan chocolate makers in the area , why ?
artisan	it 's fine for mass - market chocolate , but with companies like scharffen berger , tcho , and smaller artisan chocolate makers in the area , why ?
coleslaw	oh , and salad cream , not mayonnaise , on the coleslaw .
britt	january 15th -- we were signed up for saturday 's 2 pm class " beginning yoga with brittany . "	slice pizza at former britt 's location	britt 's pizza is long gone .
sts.	their location , the northwest corner of s. 10th & federal sts. , is now home to slice pizza .
veryyyy	veryyyy !!!! veryyy !! good auto repair men .
veryyy	veryyyy !!!! veryyy !! good auto repair men .
ashdown	ashdown horse transport were fantastic !
alway	ok , i never get to talk to ruth because she is always on the phone .	off season is good , however , the disney cruises are almost always completely booked .	i fucking hate this place every time i go this hot chick shows up and i mean really hot but she is like reaaaally dumb and then their is this other chick that is realy ugly but she is like super smart she could be a scientist , but then their is this stoner who always comes here high and he always brings his fucking dog who is so high from the second hand smoke i think he is trying to talk .	the manager came over and said he was sorry and gave a new batch of wings , he said we ca nt really do anything because the doors are always opening and closing .	very friendly and alway contactable even at weekends .
contactable	very friendly and alway contactable even at weekends .
tutoring	miami 's best tutoring service !	a wonderful tutoring service for students needing help with elementary - middle school work .
strawberries	i had so many strawberries right on the field ... strongly recomend ... do nt forget to try their great ice cream
aches	in 2001 , according to indian army officials , security forces launched a wide - ranging operation in the 300 - some inhabited islands neighboring andaman and nicobar , and found huge caches of arms .	the texas education reform caucus is made up of business leaders , educators , and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving education in texas .	and his apartment is so run down down i 'm afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby .	now , nasa engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with " go " fever as the tentative date for the first launch since the columbia disaster approaches .	your name will move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the # 1 position you will be receiving thousands of dollars in cash !!!	you do n't think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls / women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display ?	beaches and disney of florida or the mid atlantic cities of atlanta , savannah , charleston .	crickets , silk worms , phoenix worms , and various feeder roaches , like red - lobster , turkistan , and dubia , are good example of staple insects to offer your bearded .	when you come to ncfa you will see a real instructor that teaches and trains everyday !	so i may as well just come out with it : it is pretty suspicious , given the neocon predominance in the cpa and in the upper reaches of the defense department that on april 2 ap reported of muqtada :	such a great idea this was , so easy to load and pack , no ramp , no step up no back aches .
flavored	totally flavored
hamburguers	the statement about " best hamburguers in town " can be even amplifiaed to " best hamburguers in world " totally worth , juicy , big , fresh , and excellent customer service !
amplifiaed	the statement about " best hamburguers in town " can be even amplifiaed to " best hamburguers in world " totally worth , juicy , big , fresh , and excellent customer service !
blouvard	best cigar lounge on the blouvard .
encino	encino has been blessed by the opening of this smoke shop most definately .
seaview	stayed in the seaview room here in december 2009 !
furnishing	the store was decorated with furnishings & accessories .	the furnishing and finishes are great .
stylish	stylish and contemporary , no matter your size or personality type .
http://cambridgefoodfrivolity.blogspot.com/	http://cambridgefoodfrivolity.blogspot.com/
ruder	right now , your male is fighting off an intruder , and he feels that all of the house is his .	the intruders slit the screen of the window .	called to check if they had a product i 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .
smokehouse	the smokehouse ca n't be beat anywhere .	never a bad smokehouse burger though !
freshness	salad bar is hit and miss for freshness - sometimes the broccoli looks browned around the edges .
browned	salad bar is hit and miss for freshness - sometimes the broccoli looks browned around the edges .
homely	this cottage is a charming homely , friendly , place to stay .
soooo	they are sooooo beautiful .	i was soooo lucky to have used marlon 's photography services .... such a creative and talented photographer and a pleasure to work with .	the reason i go back is because the employees are sooooo nice . "
birdies	i used birdies for our annual walk against drugs and alcohol event .
bridies	i will be using bridies again .
hancocks	hancocks is one of four fabric stores in fort smith .
barling	we have hobby lobby , just for fun fabrics , walmart , and interior mall just inside barling .
dumpy	it was clean , but just a little dumpy .
cordon	the chicken cordon - blu was tasty and came in a huge portion size for the money .
abouts	authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about posada 's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug .	us and afghan intelligence will shortly be presenting the isi with a list of taliban extremists and their suspected whereabouts .	i asked her if she had any relatives that would want to know of her whereabouts .	removing 90 % of ' sit - abouts ' in main room would look cleaner .
cheep	summary : not cheep , but very fast , and super friendly service .
villega	mr. villega is an exceptional california criminal defense lawyer .	if you want an attorney who will defend your right , contact law offices of armando villega
relentlessly	he cross examined witnesses relentlessly and had them break down and tell the truth .
teacup	the first time i walked in there with my teacup chihuahua puppy i knew i 'd be here a lot .
grooming	pets discount has lovely employees , a wonderful grooming service , and everything i need to keep my dog in tip top condition !
pedi	the wikipedia entry for aerocom is just a stub .. waiting for someone to put some information into it ....	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aerocom	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/degenerate_art	( do n't wish to use wikipedia again , it 's just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information . )	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_balance	he has encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of different supreme court cases , and he can recite details from memory .	sailing with the roosevelt is the tarawa expeditionary strike force , which includes the uss tarawa , the uss austin , and the uss pearl harbor .	for $ 56 you can even have it expedited and will get in three business days or your money back .	if you watch a lot of fights ( youtube ) and research some of the history ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bullfighting ) you will find yourself enjoying it a lot more !	i also had a pedicure , and they cut my nails too short , one of my big toes looks like it s getting infected .	first let me start out by saying , that i have had very nice pedicures at lovely nails on military road .	i was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that i have had in my life .	if the pedicure lasted 20 mins. , that was a stretch .	it is my understanding , from good sources in the gov s office that the gov will order loretta lynch to expeditiously implement the provision to suspend all parties auhtority to enter into direct access contracts .	the premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .	http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cubism	no more having to drive to san francisco for a great mani pedi .	wiki media foundation , the group behind the wikipedia online encyclopedia project , said friday that search giant google has volunteered to host some of its content on company servers .	" while we do n't have anything specific to announce today , google and the wikimedia foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support wikipedia.org and its community . "	my wife has a slight impediment in her speech .	use travelocity or expedia and see what you come up with .	best pedi mani i ve ever had .	this place offers a great manicure and pedicure .
restraunt	cheap restraunts close to orchestra hall in chicago ?	try the 360 restraunt u spin in the cn tower with a beautiful view the sky pod elevator is about an hour line up in the summer
hassled	i love walking in and not being hassled .
winterowd	give yourself the gift of visiting winterowd fine art !
barb	barbara walters did a story on gender roles in kuwait several years before the gulf war .	barbara , please organize a call for mike , michelle , mark stubley and me .	" i can only imagine that this is what hiroshima looked like 60 years ago , " said mississippi governor haley barbour after viewing the destruction from the air .	our rector barbara and our deacon clare also have signed the declaration .	great barber	barbara quimba 1/30/10	barb does an amazing job , she is always learning new things on how to use her hands and body , to give every person an awesome massage , call today and schedule you must see her , you will fall in love she is the best of the best !	men s and boys barbers , on the number 9 bus route .
dui	walked in and was out ta there in 10 mins with a really good deal i thought i was going to be paying a lot because i had a dui but with my dui and sr - 22 they were able to get me the best deal out there .
passable	it 's passable as a pub , but the pizza is not that great .
famoso	if you want good pizza , go to famoso .
japaneiro	we go to japaneiro 's all the time and we have never been disappointed !
wrok	good honest wrok
saab	i have a saab ... which everything is expensive on and they have been extrememly fair and price a lot lower than any other shop i called .
extrememly	i have a saab ... which everything is expensive on and they have been extrememly fair and price a lot lower than any other shop i called .
peiod	they are the only place i would take my car peiod .
motherboard	the video cable was replaced and suddenly the motherboard was dead .
botched	phone calls were n't returned when promised and the botched repair took a week longer than promised .
drs.	drs. ali work wonders .
hotdog	this is not your usual cheap hotdog place .	they offer a large variety of quality hotdogs and hamburgers they also offer veggie dogs .
hotdogs	they offer a large variety of quality hotdogs and hamburgers they also offer veggie dogs .
hamburgers	they offer a large variety of quality hotdogs and hamburgers they also offer veggie dogs .
8.95	i used my card to purchase a meal on the menu and the total on my receipt was $ 8.95 but when i went on line to check my transaction it show $ 10.74 .
10.74	i used my card to purchase a meal on the menu and the total on my receipt was $ 8.95 but when i went on line to check my transaction it show $ 10.74 .
elmira	elmira , you r the best !	all i can say is that elmira you are the best i ve experienced , never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you .
seamstress	they either : a ) do n't want to give it to me because they do n't want me purchasing the dress elsewhere or b ) are recreating the dresses themselves ( ie stealing other designers ' dress designs and " filling the orders " by their own seamstresses ) .	all i can say is that elmira you are the best i ve experienced , never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you .
morphed	what if google morphed into googleos ?
googleos	what if google morphed into googleos ?
wares	what if google expanded on its search - engine ( and now e-mail ) wares into a full - fledged operating system ?
nostalgic	( and , by the way , is anybody else just a little nostalgic for the days when that was a good thing ? )
buzzmachine	this buzzmachine post argues that google 's rush toward ubiquity might backfire -- which we 've all heard before , but it 's particularly well - put in this post .
ubiquity	this buzzmachine post argues that google 's rush toward ubiquity might backfire -- which we 've all heard before , but it 's particularly well - put in this post .
backfire	this buzzmachine post argues that google 's rush toward ubiquity might backfire -- which we 've all heard before , but it 's particularly well - put in this post .
argghhh!	john donovan from argghhh! has put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in fallujah .
pic's	he makes some good observations on a few of the pic's .
screenshots	on the next two pictures he took screenshots of two beheading video's .
beheading	on the next two pictures he took screenshots of two beheading video's .
video's	on the next two pictures he took screenshots of two beheading video's .
toolbar	let me join the chorus of annoyance over google 's new toolbar , which , as noted in the linked article , commits just about every sin an online marketer could commit , and makes up a few new ones besides .	however , this toolbar is really bad news .
marketer	we now have a settlement before the commission that includes ratepayer advocates , commercial and industrial customers , electric generators , marketers , shippers , independent storage providers ,? gas suppliers ,? producers , utilities , aggregators , pipeline companies , wholesale customers , municipalities , and retail mass marketers , among others .?	on my panel , loretta lynch asked reliant and duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers .	my concern is that between now and then dunn , the ag have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief , which could be detrimental to generators / marketers ' claims .	a team of san diego 's best anti-trust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the electric generators and marketers in california state court in an effort to return the electricity overcharges that have battered san diego and the rest of california this year .	let me join the chorus of annoyance over google 's new toolbar , which , as noted in the linked article , commits just about every sin an online marketer could commit , and makes up a few new ones besides .
sympathise	i read an article in time magazine accusing the iranian government of being willing to start a nuclear war and i sympathise with the article .
anti-proliferation	they are certainly being nasty to the united nations security council in connection with the anti-proliferation treaty .
chanted	angry crowds chanted anti-american slogans in the western city of falluja ( pop. 256,000 ) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by us troops were buried on saturday .
slogans	angry crowds chanted anti-american slogans in the western city of falluja ( pop. 256,000 ) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by us troops were buried on saturday .	why certain slogans work and why some do n't .	a look at slogans - http://www.small-business-software.net/look-at-slogans.htm
falluja	mosques are calling for donating blood , food , and medicine for fallujah , and several convoys have already headed out for fallujah , most of them returned later though .	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .	speaking of fallujah , we have only al - jazeera to rely on for our news from there .	he did once make an unforgivable error when he mentioned that fallujan militants were shooting at the marines from the roofs of mosques and houses in hay al - golan , but of course that is okay for al - jazeera .	over 300 iraqis are reported dead and 500 wounded in fallujah alone .	iraqi cities such as fallujah and ramadi were on the truck route from amman to baghdad , and so came under the influence of the salafi movement , which is popular in jordan .	i had an interesting conversation with a middle - aged taxi driver who used to live in fallujah and is now at relatives in amiriya , baghdad .	leaving aside the fact that this views conflicts with other historical examples in the region , sunnis have never offered an alternative choice , which eventually leads one to guess that the opinion held by the fallujan taxi driver above is precisely what they are planning to implement .	his explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of fallujah last spring , killing 600 iraqis , most of them women and children , in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries , one of them a south african .	in fallujah , hundreds of demonstrators came out against us troops when they briefly arrested a yound newlywed bride .	the board of muslim clerics in fallujah , 50 km west of baghdad , " condemned the assassination and promised immediate revenge against the coalition soldiers in iraq . "	ash - sharq al - awsat reports that fallujah was closed tuesday in a general strike .	us marines moved into most of fallujah on wednesday , though they were still meeting pockets of resistance .	the fallujah fighting has killed fair numbers of iraqi noncombatants , including shaikh abdul wahhab al - janabi of the respected association of muslim scholars .	hundreds of persons mounted demonstrations against the fallujah campaign in tikrit and huwaijah , as well , according to az - zaman .	the battles and demonstrations were provoked by the us assault on fallujah .	allawi 's aged cousin and the man 's wife and daughter - in - law were abducted and guerrillas threaten to behead them if the fallujah compaign is not stopped .	the us marines took most of fallujah wednesday , but still face pockets of resistance .	jim lobe has more on the political implications of the fallujah assault , both in iraq and in washington .	for some black satire on fallujah , see unconfirmed sources which has some fun with my weblog .	john donovan from argghhh! has put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in fallujah .	one of the pictures shows a flag that was found in fallujah .	compare the flags to the fallujah one .	this fallujah operation my turn out to be the most important operation done by the us military since the end of the war .	angry crowds chanted anti-american slogans in the western city of falluja ( pop. 256,000 ) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by us troops were buried on saturday .	reuters reported that " sunni clerics in the town issued a ' declaration by the people of fallujah ' condemning the deaths of the security guards and police , announcing three days of mourning , and calling for a general strike today . "	it read , " the people of fallujah condemn the massacre which was committed on friday against people dedicated to the protection of fallujah .	falluja has long been roiled by tense relations with the us soldiers there , since local sunnis either remain committed to arab nationalism or have become sunni fundamentalists or even radicals .	cities such as falluja received special treatment from saddam and enjoyed a disproportionate share of the country 's wealth and power .	az - zaman : the association of muslim scholars forbade iraqis to participate in the attack on fallujah with the americans .	in a communique , the ams said that for iraqis to take part with " raiding forces " in the assault on a city , the population of which is muslim ( such as fallujah ) would be considered the most mortal of mortal sins .	the sunni ams told iraqis , " you sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the assault on najaf , and beware lest you repeat this same sin in fallujah .
pop.	email : yamwhatiyam < pop...@spinach.eat >	angry crowds chanted anti-american slogans in the western city of falluja ( pop. 256,000 ) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by us troops were buried on saturday .
256,000	angry crowds chanted anti-american slogans in the western city of falluja ( pop. 256,000 ) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by us troops were buried on saturday .
roiled	falluja has long been roiled by tense relations with the us soldiers there , since local sunnis either remain committed to arab nationalism or have become sunni fundamentalists or even radicals .
disproportionate	cities such as falluja received special treatment from saddam and enjoyed a disproportionate share of the country 's wealth and power .
http://www.gulf-news.com/articles/news.asp?articleid=97508	see http://www.gulf-news.com/articles/news.asp?articleid=97508
hamdan	the supreme court announced its ruling today in hamdan v. rumsfeld divided along idelogical lines with john roberts abstaining due to his involvement at the d.c. circuit level and anthony kennedy joining the liberals in a 5 - 3 decision that is 185 pages long .
idelogical	the supreme court announced its ruling today in hamdan v. rumsfeld divided along idelogical lines with john roberts abstaining due to his involvement at the d.c. circuit level and anthony kennedy joining the liberals in a 5 - 3 decision that is 185 pages long .
souter	stay with me now : john paul stevens delivered the opinion of the court with respect to parts i through iv , vi through vi - d - iii , vi - d - v , and vii , in which kennedy , souter , ginsburg , and breyer joined , and an opinion with respect to parts v and vi - d - iv , in which souter , ginsburg , and breyer joined .	breyer filed a concurring opinion , in which kennedy , souter , and ginsburg joined .	kennedy filed an opinion concurring in part , in which souter , ginsburg , and breyer joined as to parts i and ii .
ginsburg	stay with me now : john paul stevens delivered the opinion of the court with respect to parts i through iv , vi through vi - d - iii , vi - d - v , and vii , in which kennedy , souter , ginsburg , and breyer joined , and an opinion with respect to parts v and vi - d - iv , in which souter , ginsburg , and breyer joined .	breyer filed a concurring opinion , in which kennedy , souter , and ginsburg joined .	kennedy filed an opinion concurring in part , in which souter , ginsburg , and breyer joined as to parts i and ii .
concurring	breyer filed a concurring opinion , in which kennedy , souter , and ginsburg joined .	kennedy filed an opinion concurring in part , in which souter , ginsburg , and breyer joined as to parts i and ii .
scalia	scalia filed a dissenting opinion , in which thomas and alito joined .	thomas filed a dissenting opinion , in which scalia joined , and in which alito joined as to all but parts i , ii - c - 1 , and iii - b - 2 .	alito filed a dissenting opinion , in which scalia and thomas joined as to parts i through iii .
dissents	i 'll post highlights from the opinion and dissents when i 'm finished .
calibrations	important news such as president bush 's miniscule calibrations on his marriage amendment / anti-gay ( update : he 's not against gays in the bedroom , just at the altar , where of course their relationships should not only be frowned upon but should be constitutionally excluded ) has pushed sudan not just off the front pages , or the a section , but out of the ny times and washington post completely .
anti-gay	important news such as president bush 's miniscule calibrations on his marriage amendment / anti-gay ( update : he 's not against gays in the bedroom , just at the altar , where of course their relationships should not only be frowned upon but should be constitutionally excluded ) has pushed sudan not just off the front pages , or the a section , but out of the ny times and washington post completely .
gays	important news such as president bush 's miniscule calibrations on his marriage amendment / anti-gay ( update : he 's not against gays in the bedroom , just at the altar , where of course their relationships should not only be frowned upon but should be constitutionally excluded ) has pushed sudan not just off the front pages , or the a section , but out of the ny times and washington post completely .
constitutionally	important news such as president bush 's miniscule calibrations on his marriage amendment / anti-gay ( update : he 's not against gays in the bedroom , just at the altar , where of course their relationships should not only be frowned upon but should be constitutionally excluded ) has pushed sudan not just off the front pages , or the a section , but out of the ny times and washington post completely .
symptomatic	it 's symptomatic , i suppose , of our fast - paced , 24 hour news - cycle lives , that the biggest short - term humanitarian crisis in the world would quickly be eclipsed , once our secretary of state was finished with his whirlwind tour , from the newspapers .
eclipsed	it 's symptomatic , i suppose , of our fast - paced , 24 hour news - cycle lives , that the biggest short - term humanitarian crisis in the world would quickly be eclipsed , once our secretary of state was finished with his whirlwind tour , from the newspapers .
whirlwind	it 's symptomatic , i suppose , of our fast - paced , 24 hour news - cycle lives , that the biggest short - term humanitarian crisis in the world would quickly be eclipsed , once our secretary of state was finished with his whirlwind tour , from the newspapers .
ebbed	most troubling , however , is the fact that the political will to end the crisis expressed a few short weeks ago seems to have ebbed .
kofi	at that time , un secretary general kofi annan demanded steps be taken to end the ethnic violence in darfur within 48 hours .	un secretary - general kofi annan has indicated it is time to " recognize hezbollah " after easily being duped by " the message on the placards they are using " .
annan	at that time , un secretary general kofi annan demanded steps be taken to end the ethnic violence in darfur within 48 hours .	so hear we are , two weeks later , after that dazzling pr display two weeks ago by powell and annan , and the situation on the ground in darfur appears basically unchanged .	un secretary - general kofi annan has indicated it is time to " recognize hezbollah " after easily being duped by " the message on the placards they are using " .
buffett	warren buffett is giving away 85 % of his wealth , mostly to the bill and melinda gates foundation .	it 's a move that really worries me ; buffett 's usual justification for keeping most of his money was that he was still compounding the value of his fortune at a pretty high rate , so any gifts now would mean significantly less money for the foundation later .
parse	it 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .
ostensible	it 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .
gateses	it 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .
redistributors	it 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .
hathaway	i assume his actual reason is that he 's worried that berkshire hathaway just ca n't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy .
invests	em ... no ... the gates foundation mainly invests in medical research and education , that means donating now adds a tremendous value compared to donating in ten years .
10.000.000	because the 10.000.000 people dying from malaria will otherwise be dead .
msm	bill over at the fourth rail has an excellent essay on how the msm and the un , even the leftist countries in europe , are basically accepting terrorist organizations as legitimate forms of a political party :	this is just another reason to never trust the msm , and certainly not the europeans .
unsc	there was a soothing authoritative unscear ( united nations scientific committee on the effects of atomic radiation ) report in 2000 on the health effects of chernobyl confirming that there was no scientific evidence of any significant radiation - related health effects to most people exposed .	syria has agreed to withdraw under the conditions set forth in unsc resolution 1559 , which has already begun .
1559	syria has agreed to withdraw under the conditions set forth in unsc resolution 1559 , which has already begun .
duped	un secretary - general kofi annan has indicated it is time to " recognize hezbollah " after easily being duped by " the message on the placards they are using " .
placards	un secretary - general kofi annan has indicated it is time to " recognize hezbollah " after easily being duped by " the message on the placards they are using " .
cancerous	this acceptance of blatantly terrorist groups as legitimate freedom movements is a cancerous tumor on the united nations and the media .
9-11	over three years after 9-11 , the united nations , despite their attempts to project strength in fighting terrorism , still can not properly define the word " terrorist " , waffling over the issue of whether the murder of innocent civilians are terrorist acts .
waffling	over three years after 9-11 , the united nations , despite their attempts to project strength in fighting terrorism , still can not properly define the word " terrorist " , waffling over the issue of whether the murder of innocent civilians are terrorist acts .
obscures	the media routinely obscures the lines between terrorism and legitimate resistance , as the recent article by daniel okrent of the new york times demonstrates .
okrent	the media routinely obscures the lines between terrorism and legitimate resistance , as the recent article by daniel okrent of the new york times demonstrates .
sidestep	the decision to sidestep the obvious to satisfy the need to avoid confrontation does not bring peace , but only delays the eventual conflict as the predators of hamas and hezbollah exploit the inherent weakness of the internationals and the media .
fuming	i 've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now , ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that hezbollah will get involved in running lebanon .
wtf	wtf is this ?
muhsin	the iraqi islamic party lead by muhsin abdul hamid , has been among the few sunni muslim groups willing to cooperate ( even if rather lukewarmly ) with the americans .
lukewarmly	the iraqi islamic party lead by muhsin abdul hamid , has been among the few sunni muslim groups willing to cooperate ( even if rather lukewarmly ) with the americans .
iip	the iip had also been the main force urging sunni arabs to participate in the elections scheduled for january , and had been opposed in this stance by the association of muslim scholars .
offing	that the iraqi islamic party is now contemplating leaving the allawi government raises the question of whether a mass sunni arab boycott of the elections is in the offing , thus fatally weakening the legitimacy of any new government .
ams	select programs	hamsters - will a hamster be ok living in the bathroom ?	in a communique , the ams said that for iraqis to take part with " raiding forces " in the assault on a city , the population of which is muslim ( such as fallujah ) would be considered the most mortal of mortal sins .	the sunni ams told iraqis , " you sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the assault on najaf , and beware lest you repeat this same sin in fallujah .	the convergence of views among the more militant sunni muslim clerics of ams and the radical shiites of the sadr movement has been seen before , last spring during the initial us assault on fallujah and during the us attack on mahdi army militiamen in najaf .
sinned	the sunni ams told iraqis , " you sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the assault on najaf , and beware lest you repeat this same sin in fallujah .
emphemeral	remember that the occupation is emphemeral . "
commiting	the statement said , " we direct an appeal at the men in the iraqi forces , whether national guards or others , the majority of whom are muslim , calling upon them to refrain for commiting this enormous sin under the banner of forces that do not respect our religion or any principles of basic humanity , and we ask them to view this war as illegal . "
ploy	the moi in iraq is equivalent to the us fbi , so this would be like having j. edgar hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	under the accord , a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east .	'' pakistan now has a large force deployed in baluchistan which was not there before , '' says lt. general david barno .	and for ' smartwolf ' above , think about the inversion principle being employed .	usda employee johnelle bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .	a report by the center for disease control of interviews with ami employees ( as well as detailed interviews by author leonard cole ) supports the conclusion that there were not one , but two , such mailings containing anthrax .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	did you happen to sign your employment agreement ?	i am reviewing the request for an employment agreement renewal on mark dean laurent .	your fellow employees asked for everyone from britney spears to george bush .	i received a report from hr and it appears there is conflicting information regarding some of the titles for various employees .	furthermore , i would like to reiterate that rac 's goal , prior to quoting any credit reserve , is to be 100 % confident that : ( i ) the methodology that is being employed is consistent among the internal groups ; and ( ii ) the inherent value of the price risk management contracts matches .	i am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .	i am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .	here is the overview of bob henderson 's employment agreement .	since enron 's employees are assigned an sap identification numbers ( p number ) and an hr number , could enron as a company use these ids instead of the ss numbers ?	this will be safer for all employees .	please let me know how your organization can help the enron employees feel safer about the safeguard of their ss number .	in addition , could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ecp , so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ecp .	if the reader of this message is not the intended recipient , or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited .	we are the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torturing , the disenfranchised convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployed and unemployable .	unemployent stays low because half the population oversees those " out of the workforce " , the dregs , the rabble , the enemy ?	missile batteries arrayed in those mountains could raise bloody havoc with any fleet deployed below .	the us aircraft carrier theodore roosevelt is currently deployed in the persian gulf , with some 7,000 souls aboard .	the uss austin is likewise deployed in the gulf .	thanks to repeated deployments to iraq and afghanistan , recruiting is at an all - time low .	55 - percentage of the iraqi workforce who were unemployed before the war .	80 - percentage of the iraqi workforce who are unemployed a year after the war .	employment tsar	9.3 m - number of us unemployed in april 2004 .
assertaion	it called a " ploy " the assertaion that the attack was merely on foreign fighters at fallujah .
mahdi	the convergence of views among the more militant sunni muslim clerics of ams and the radical shiites of the sadr movement has been seen before , last spring during the initial us assault on fallujah and during the us attack on mahdi army militiamen in najaf .
militiamen	the convergence of views among the more militant sunni muslim clerics of ams and the radical shiites of the sadr movement has been seen before , last spring during the initial us assault on fallujah and during the us attack on mahdi army militiamen in najaf .
anti-shiite	most shiites , however , are still reluctant to take major risks to support the sunnis of fallujah , many of whom had supported saddam and his anti-shiite pogroms .
pogroms	most shiites , however , are still reluctant to take major risks to support the sunnis of fallujah , many of whom had supported saddam and his anti-shiite pogroms .
foiled	u.s. muslim groups criticized president bush on thursday for calling a foiled plot to blow up airplanes part of a " war with islamic fascists , " saying the term could inflame anti-muslim tensions .	nabeel hussain , 21 , waltham forest lest you be confused with the suspects from an earlier plot foiled in canada a few months ago : fahim ahmad , 21 , toronto ;
fascists	u.s. muslim groups criticized president bush on thursday for calling a foiled plot to blow up airplanes part of a " war with islamic fascists , " saying the term could inflame anti-muslim tensions .	we 're at war with islamic fascists .
inflame	u.s. muslim groups criticized president bush on thursday for calling a foiled plot to blow up airplanes part of a " war with islamic fascists , " saying the term could inflame anti-muslim tensions .
anti-muslim	u.s. muslim groups criticized president bush on thursday for calling a foiled plot to blow up airplanes part of a " war with islamic fascists , " saying the term could inflame anti-muslim tensions .
hallmarks	u.s. officials have said the plot , thwarted by britain , to blow up several aircraft over the atlantic bore many of the hallmarks of al qaeda .
counterproductive	" we believe this is an ill - advised term and we believe that it is counterproductive to associate islam or muslims with fascism , " said nihad awad , executive director of the council on american - islamic relations advocacy group .
nihad	" we believe this is an ill - advised term and we believe that it is counterproductive to associate islam or muslims with fascism , " said nihad awad , executive director of the council on american - islamic relations advocacy group .
awad	" we believe this is an ill - advised term and we believe that it is counterproductive to associate islam or muslims with fascism , " said nihad awad , executive director of the council on american - islamic relations advocacy group .
associating	by using the word " islamic " as an adjective bush was purposely not associating muslims with fascism , hence the qualifier .
umir	umir hussain , 24 , london e14
e14	umir hussain , 24 , london e14
saddique	muhammed usman saddique , 24 , london e17
e17	muhammed usman saddique , 24 , london e17	waheed zaman , 22 , london e17	assan abdullah khan , 22 , london e17	waheed arafat khan , 24 , london e17	cossor ali , 24 , london e17	ibrahim savant , 26 , london e17	osman adam khatib , 20 , london e17	amin asmin tariq , 23 , london e17	abdullah ali , 26 , london e17
waheed	waheed zaman , 22 , london e17	waheed arafat khan , 24 , london e17
assan	assan abdullah khan , 22 , london e17
waseem	waseem kayani , 28 , high wycombe
wycombe	waseem kayani , 28 , high wycombe	shazad khuram ali , 27 , high wycombe	umar islam , 28 , ( born brian young ) high wycombe	assad sarwar , 25 , high wycombe
cossor	cossor ali , 24 , london e17
tayib	tayib rauf , 21 , birmingham
rauf	tayib rauf , 21 , birmingham
savant	ibrahim savant , 26 , london e17
khatib	osman adam khatib , 20 , london e17
shamin	shamin mohammed uddin , 36 , stoke newington
uddin	shamin mohammed uddin , 36 , stoke newington
newington	shamin mohammed uddin , 36 , stoke newington
asmin	amin asmin tariq , 23 , london e17
tariq	amin asmin tariq , 23 , london e17	delhi police chief k k paul named the man as tariq ahmed dar , and said police were hunting for four accomplices .
shazad	shazad khuram ali , 27 , high wycombe
khuram	shazad khuram ali , 27 , high wycombe
tanvir	tanvir hussain , 24 , london e10
e10	tanvir hussain , 24 , london e10
sarwar	assad sarwar , 25 , high wycombe
muneem	abdul muneem patel , 17 , london e5
e5	the m300 series are the lightest and the e500's are the all in one but much heavier .	abdul muneem patel , 17 , london e5
nabeel	nabeel hussain , 21 , waltham forest lest you be confused with the suspects from an earlier plot foiled in canada a few months ago : fahim ahmad , 21 , toronto ;
waltham	nabeel hussain , 21 , waltham forest lest you be confused with the suspects from an earlier plot foiled in canada a few months ago : fahim ahmad , 21 , toronto ;
zakaria	zakaria amara , 20 , mississauga , ont. ;
mississauga	zakaria amara , 20 , mississauga , ont. ;	asad ansari , 21 , mississauga ;	shareef abdelhaleen , 30 , mississauga ;	qayyum abdul jamal , 43 , mississauga ;	ahmad mustafa ghany , 21 , mississauga ;	saad khalid , 19 , of eclipse avenue , mississauga .
ont.	zakaria amara , 20 , mississauga , ont. ;	mohammed dirie , 22 , kingston , ont. ;
asad	asad ansari , 21 , mississauga ;
ansari	asad ansari , 21 , mississauga ;
shareef	shareef abdelhaleen , 30 , mississauga ;
abdelhaleen	shareef abdelhaleen , 30 , mississauga ;
qayyum	qayyum abdul jamal , 43 , mississauga ;
dirie	mohammed dirie , 22 , kingston , ont. ;
yasim	yasim abdi mohamed , 24 , kingston ;
abdi	yasim abdi mohamed , 24 , kingston ;
jahmaal	jahmaal james , 23 , toronto ;
durrani	amin mohamed durrani , 19 , toronto ;
vikash	steven vikash chand alias abdul shakur , 25 , toronto ;	we 've got a steven , the one word that did n't crash my spell - check , despite it being followed by a vikash chand abdul shakur .
chand	and that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of sri lankan president chandrika kumaratunga 's four - day visit to india recently .	she added that recent visits to the island by india 's top military brass including army chief general nirmal chander vij have " caused apprehension among tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island " .	lots of collections , many antique light fixtures , chandeliers , custom lighting etc .	i think they have the largest collection for chandeliers chicago .	antiques , vintage , contemporary & modern chandeliers .	steven vikash chand alias abdul shakur , 25 , toronto ;	we 've got a steven , the one word that did n't crash my spell - check , despite it being followed by a vikash chand abdul shakur .
shakur	steven vikash chand alias abdul shakur , 25 , toronto ;	we 've got a steven , the one word that did n't crash my spell - check , despite it being followed by a vikash chand abdul shakur .
ghany	ahmad mustafa ghany , 21 , mississauga ;
saad	saad khalid , 19 , of eclipse avenue , mississauga .
hateful	but because we do n't want to sound hateful we must pretend everyone 's a possible suspect and make airline travel more miserable than it 's ever been .
monotheism	on the internet site of monotheism and holy war ( al - tawhid wa al - jihad ) , the group allegedly declared , " we announce that the tawhid and jihad group , its prince and soldiers , have pledged allegiance to the sheikh of the mujahideen osama bin laden . "	one witness at the moutasaddiq trial in germany alleged that zarqawi had not allowed monotheism and holy war to share resources with al - qaeda in the early zeroes of the 21st century .	zarqawi is a jordanian , and his monotheism and holy war group in afghanistan probably had a distinctive coloration as mainly jordanian , palestinian and syrian .	monotheism and holy war obviously does have a violent interpretation of salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so - called german peasant rebellion among early protestants did .	another worrisome sign is that local iraqi sunni fundamentalists opposed to the us presence in iraq have begun joining monotheism and holy war , and wearing its distinctive orange and black insignia .
tawhid	on the internet site of monotheism and holy war ( al - tawhid wa al - jihad ) , the group allegedly declared , " we announce that the tawhid and jihad group , its prince and soldiers , have pledged allegiance to the sheikh of the mujahideen osama bin laden . "
mujahideen	on the internet site of monotheism and holy war ( al - tawhid wa al - jihad ) , the group allegedly declared , " we announce that the tawhid and jihad group , its prince and soldiers , have pledged allegiance to the sheikh of the mujahideen osama bin laden . "
musab	abu musab al - zarqawi and his group are said to have been bitter rivals of al - qaeda during the afghan resistance days .
zarqawi	abu musab al - zarqawi and his group are said to have been bitter rivals of al - qaeda during the afghan resistance days .	one witness at the moutasaddiq trial in germany alleged that zarqawi had not allowed monotheism and holy war to share resources with al - qaeda in the early zeroes of the 21st century .	zarqawi is a jordanian , and his monotheism and holy war group in afghanistan probably had a distinctive coloration as mainly jordanian , palestinian and syrian .
moutasaddiq	one witness at the moutasaddiq trial in germany alleged that zarqawi had not allowed monotheism and holy war to share resources with al - qaeda in the early zeroes of the 21st century .
zeroes	one witness at the moutasaddiq trial in germany alleged that zarqawi had not allowed monotheism and holy war to share resources with al - qaeda in the early zeroes of the 21st century .
botching	this consolidation is obviously a result of bush 's aggressive invasion of iraq and of the botching of the aftermath .
usamah	al - qaeda in afghanistan was a group of only a few hundred " afghan arabs " who pledged personal loyalty to usamah bin laden .	because usamah is saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the wahhabi school of islam that predominates among saudia 's some 15 million citizens .
notionally	it could notionally be expanded to encompass the 5,000 - strong " 55th brigade " of the taliban regime , though this is not the technical definition .
wahhabi	what irritates me is this sudden false ' solidarity ' between sunni and shi'ite clerics , we all know that they would be glad to get at each other s throats when they have the chance , and shia clerics were describing fallujan insurgents as ' ba'athists ' , ' saddamites ' , ' wahhabis ' , and ' terrorists ' just a few days ago .	because usamah is saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the wahhabi school of islam that predominates among saudia 's some 15 million citizens .
predominates	because usamah is saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the wahhabi school of islam that predominates among saudia 's some 15 million citizens .
saudia	because usamah is saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the wahhabi school of islam that predominates among saudia 's some 15 million citizens .
asyut	in 1998 they were joined by egyptians from the al - jihad al - islami group of ayman al - zawahiri ( many of these were from upper egypt , especially asyut and environs ) .
environs	in 1998 they were joined by egyptians from the al - jihad al - islami group of ayman al - zawahiri ( many of these were from upper egypt , especially asyut and environs ) .
polyglot	after that point , al - qaeda was a joint enterprise between the egyptian extremists and the polyglot arabs around bin laden , only some of whom were saudi .
salafis	( most salafis are not militant or violent , though they tend to be rather narrow - minded in my experience , on the order of protestant pietists ) .	monotheism and holy war obviously does have a violent interpretation of salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so - called german peasant rebellion among early protestants did .
pietists	( most salafis are not militant or violent , though they tend to be rather narrow - minded in my experience , on the order of protestant pietists ) .
salafism	monotheism and holy war obviously does have a violent interpretation of salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so - called german peasant rebellion among early protestants did .
worrisome	another worrisome sign is that local iraqi sunni fundamentalists opposed to the us presence in iraq have begun joining monotheism and holy war , and wearing its distinctive orange and black insignia .
fizazi	the consolidation of smaller local radical fundamentalist groups with al - qaeda can also be seen in the case of the fizazi group in tangiers that morphed into the moroccan islamic combatant group , had members who met with september 11 ringleader muhammad atta , and ultimately was in part responsible for the madrid train bombings .
tangiers	the consolidation of smaller local radical fundamentalist groups with al - qaeda can also be seen in the case of the fizazi group in tangiers that morphed into the moroccan islamic combatant group , had members who met with september 11 ringleader muhammad atta , and ultimately was in part responsible for the madrid train bombings .
combatant	the consolidation of smaller local radical fundamentalist groups with al - qaeda can also be seen in the case of the fizazi group in tangiers that morphed into the moroccan islamic combatant group , had members who met with september 11 ringleader muhammad atta , and ultimately was in part responsible for the madrid train bombings .
expended	bush came out today and said that if he had known what was coming , he would have expended every effort to stop it , and that so would have clinton .
mindedness	this statement is , despite its facade of fair - mindedness , so many weasel words .
contradicted	wolfowitz contradicted counter-terrorism czar richard clarke when the latter spoke of the al - qaeda threat , insisting that the preeminent threat of terrorism against the us came from iraq , and indicating he accepted laurie mylroie 's crackpot conspiracy theory that saddam was behind the 1993 world trade towers bombing .
counter-terrorism	wolfowitz contradicted counter-terrorism czar richard clarke when the latter spoke of the al - qaeda threat , insisting that the preeminent threat of terrorism against the us came from iraq , and indicating he accepted laurie mylroie 's crackpot conspiracy theory that saddam was behind the 1993 world trade towers bombing .	imperial hubris makes the case that lots of people in the cia and counter-terrorism divisions elsewhere in the us government knew all about bin laden and the threat he posed .
czar	wolfowitz contradicted counter-terrorism czar richard clarke when the latter spoke of the al - qaeda threat , insisting that the preeminent threat of terrorism against the us came from iraq , and indicating he accepted laurie mylroie 's crackpot conspiracy theory that saddam was behind the 1993 world trade towers bombing .
preeminent	wolfowitz contradicted counter-terrorism czar richard clarke when the latter spoke of the al - qaeda threat , insisting that the preeminent threat of terrorism against the us came from iraq , and indicating he accepted laurie mylroie 's crackpot conspiracy theory that saddam was behind the 1993 world trade towers bombing .
mylroie	wolfowitz contradicted counter-terrorism czar richard clarke when the latter spoke of the al - qaeda threat , insisting that the preeminent threat of terrorism against the us came from iraq , and indicating he accepted laurie mylroie 's crackpot conspiracy theory that saddam was behind the 1993 world trade towers bombing .
islamiyyah	if you believe crackpot theories instead of focusing on the reality -- that was an al - qaeda operation mainly carried out by al - gamaa al - islamiyyah , an egyptian terrorist component allied with bin laden -- then you will concentrate on the wrong threat .
obsessing	even after the attacks on september 11 , bush was obsessing about iraq .
gunning	( what about 40 al - qaeda bases that had trained the 9/11 hijackers and other terrorists gunning for the united states ?? )
ahab	they were playing captain ahab to saddam 's great white whale .
hubris	imperial hubris makes the case that lots of people in the cia and counter-terrorism divisions elsewhere in the us government knew all about bin laden and the threat he posed .
outranked	dick could never thereafter get any real cooperation from the cabinet officers , who outranked him , and he could not convince them to go to battle stations in the summer of 2001 when george tenet 's hair was " on fire " about the excited chatter the cia was picking up from radical islamist terrorists .
qandahar	clinton had worked out a deal with pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif in summer of 1999 that would have allowed the us to send a special ops team in after bin laden in qandahar , based from pakistan .
presume	i presume you need the pakistan base for rescue operations in case anything went wrong .
rife	while india is ready to enter into a " defense cooperation agreement " with sri lanka , it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the island nation 's two decades - old civil war that has seen violent strife between ethnic tamils and the sinhalese majority - leaving over 60,000 dead on both sides .	the pentagon is bypassing official us intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...	the pakistani army was rife with elements protective of the taliban , and the new military government reneged on the deal .
tabas	but for those of you tempted in that direction , please look up carter 's tabas operation .
probablyl	probablyl gon na just kick it
spaniels	cocker spaniels are retarded .
a&m	online?u=mayursha&m=g&t=1	i do n't even like a&m , i would n't bet on them .	colorado beat texas a&m .
layoffs	houston wo n't be too affected b/c most of the layoffs affect satelite offices .	someone told me that chase is planning a shitload of layoffs .
satelite	houston wo n't be too affected b/c most of the layoffs affect satelite offices .
shitload	someone told me that chase is planning a shitload of layoffs .
07/06/2000	07/06/2000 14:57
14:57	07/06/2000 14:57
mulva	he has maintained a good relationship with mulva .
assurances	this was a risk that we had but we did have assurances from phillips regarding performance .
ackermann	hilary e. ackermann goldman sachs credit risk management & advisory phone : 212-902-3724 fax : 212-428-1181 e-mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com	hilary e. ackermann goldman sachs credit risk management & advisory phone : 212-902-3724 fax : 212-428-1181 e-mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com
212-902-3724	hilary e. ackermann goldman sachs credit risk management & advisory phone : 212-902-3724 fax : 212-428-1181 e-mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com	hilary e. ackermann goldman sachs credit risk management & advisory phone : 212-902-3724 fax : 212-428-1181 e-mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com
212-428-1181	hilary e. ackermann goldman sachs credit risk management & advisory phone : 212-902-3724 fax : 212-428-1181 e-mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com	hilary e. ackermann goldman sachs credit risk management & advisory phone : 212-902-3724 fax : 212-428-1181 e-mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com
hilary.ackermann@gs.com	hilary e. ackermann goldman sachs credit risk management & advisory phone : 212-902-3724 fax : 212-428-1181 e-mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com	hilary e. ackermann goldman sachs credit risk management & advisory phone : 212-902-3724 fax : 212-428-1181 e-mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com
cohn	following up on your and ken lay 's conversation with gary cohn , i would like to forward the following proposal , acting for each of goldman sachs capital markets and j. aron .
aron	following up on your and ken lay 's conversation with gary cohn , i would like to forward the following proposal , acting for each of goldman sachs capital markets and j. aron .
kinder	kinder morgan $ 3,500,000 $ 1,250,000
3,500,000	kinder morgan $ 3,500,000 $ 1,250,000
1,250,000	kinder morgan $ 3,500,000 $ 1,250,000
aep	aep $ 19,250,000 $ 38,750,000
19,250,000	aep $ 19,250,000 $ 38,750,000
38,750,000	aep $ 19,250,000 $ 38,750,000
------------------------------	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	-----------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------	--------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------	------------------------------
22,750,000	totals $ 22,750,000 $ 40,000,000
40,000,000	totals $ 22,750,000 $ 40,000,000
songbook	not sure , but i assume that the bluegrass songbook is mine .
pronto	i 'll try to get back to you pronto .
nader	'' every morning and night , the kids , beginning as young as 1 and 2 , had to stand before a poster of massoud and maryam , salute them and shout praises to them , '' nadereh afshari , a former mujahedeen deep - believer , told me .	i think this is actually a good thing -- makes our proposal look like a much more preferable alternative by comparison , makes our support in the process more important , and sets harvey up as the ralph nader equivalent in the election to fix california 's broken system --- a potential spoiler .
spoiler	i think this is actually a good thing -- makes our proposal look like a much more preferable alternative by comparison , makes our support in the process more important , and sets harvey up as the ralph nader equivalent in the election to fix california 's broken system --- a potential spoiler .
tonite	i 'm not driving tonite , but i bet that we could hitch a ride back with anil .	i 'm not sure , but i think that he 's got class tonite , too .
anil	i 'm not driving tonite , but i bet that we could hitch a ride back with anil .
http://www.theadvocate.com/sports/story.asp?storyid=16473	http://www.theadvocate.com/sports/story.asp?storyid=16473
http://www.theadvocate.com/sports/story.asp?storyid=16475	http://www.theadvocate.com/sports/story.asp?storyid=16475
http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/lsunotes08.html	http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/lsunotes08.html
http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/secnotes08.html	http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/secnotes08.html
http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/lsufoe08.html	http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/lsufoe08.html
pse	we are still trying to work the pse swap transaction , now that the forex desk has been able to find a fix for cpi in the market .	further to my voicemail , our colleagues in credit are calculating the reserve on the pse swap .
forex	we are still trying to work the pse swap transaction , now that the forex desk has been able to find a fix for cpi in the market .
9.5	they are currently using 9.5 % fixed based on the 1 year implied volatility .
volatility	they are currently using 9.5 % fixed based on the 1 year implied volatility .
volalatility	can one of your research staff justify a suitable 20 year volalatility number for usd / euro .
turnaround	ideally , we would like a fast turnaround .
garch	i was wondering if you could give me some references regarding the calculation of correlation coefficients from a garch model .
magali	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail
phb	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail
hagler	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail
bailly	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail
828-3933	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail
n.w.	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail
296-3858	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail
facsimile	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail
20006-3700	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail
mvanbell@haglerbailly.com	magali van belle consultant phb hagler bailly management and economic consultants phb hagler bailly , inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 eye street , n.w. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile washington , d.c. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail
edison@enron	andrew edison@enron
06/02/2001	06/02/2001 10:53 am
10:53	06/02/2001 10:53 am
ecogas	i have settled the ecogas / enron / randy maffett lawsuit .	seriously , i talked this morning with tom hall and we agreed that ecogas would pay him $ 53,000 .	hall has agreed to release enron , ecogas , maffett and every affiliate , related party and subsidiary .
maffett	i have settled the ecogas / enron / randy maffett lawsuit .	hall has agreed to release enron , ecogas , maffett and every affiliate , related party and subsidiary .
53,000	seriously , i talked this morning with tom hall and we agreed that ecogas would pay him $ 53,000 .
stephens@enron	becky stephens@enron
06/12/2000	06/12/2000 10:20 am
10:20	06/12/2000 10:20 am
oc	al - zaman : guerrillas killed a member of the kurdistan democratic party after kidnapping him in mosul .	some 2,000 junior officers of the old baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months , something chalabi would have blocked if he could have .	yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our street and setting up mortars , they only come out in the open when americans leave the area , then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting their ak - 47's in the air .	they are setting the road blocks at the exact same positions they were during the war last year , which indicates they are the same people .	this was heavily promoted by the australasian radiation protection society in a press release titled the myths of chernobyl which contained the following :	http://www.oneworld.org/index_oc/issue196/byckau.html	http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm	response : the us has succeeded in politically isolating hamas , and started the process of cutting off its funding .	israel owes the united states at least this much , in this crisis , to cease militarily unnecessary provocations and establish genuine peace .	of course , the sooner the us soldiers can be withdrawn in favor of less - provocative local or international forces , the better .	the thing to keep in mind is that sunni arab nationalists and baathists and local sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the us in iraq than al - qaeda infiltrators , and it would be dangerous to take one 's eyes off the former ball .	" i find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " gore said .	" it is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected governments , " said david leavy , spokesman for the national security council .	he obviously liked authoritarian rule better than democracy , equating dictatorship with " stability . "	this was the body that bush proclaimed was bringing " stability " to the region in fall of 1999 .	this is what edwards ' campaign literature said about his positions : " edwards believes that the u.s. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts , from reducing tensions between india and pakistan to the peace process in northern ireland .	ironically , among the strongest proponents of war in iraq were israeli prime minister ariel sharon and his neoconservative supporters in the us .	the derailing of the oslo peace process by the hard - line policies of sharon and the palestinian intifada has encouraged suicide bombings .	the palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the israeli occupation of the gaza strip and the west bank were not driven by economic considerations .	by the late 1990s , iraq had no nuclear or biological weapons program , and had destroyed its chemical weapons stockpiles .	the more radical shiites , who generally follow the theocratic notions of iran 's ayatollah ruhollah khomeini , routinely chant and demonstrate against israel .	ariel sharon 's aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied west bank and his indefinite postponement of any palestinian state have created unprecedented rage and violence .	the promotion by the pro-zionist right of twin occupations - in the west bank and in iraq - has profoundly weakened , not strengthened , israeli security .	tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process	but last april , the rebels abruptly pulled out of negotiations demanding recognition , first , for the right to self - rule before proceeding any further .	petersen held discussions with both kumaratunga and the reclusive ltte leader velupillai prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi without success , and chief tamil rebel negotiator anton balasingham and norwegian envoy erik solheim held closed - door talks at the international airport late saturday in an effort to keep the salvage effort on track , diplomatic sources said .	japan 's special envoy , yasushi akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to colombo and kilinochchi in early november a frustrated man .	" tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between india and sri lanka would encourage sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process , " tna member of parliament p sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a statement .	unreported by the international media , the valley of kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded .	realists , and this even includes members of the u.s. democratic foreign policy establishment such as strobe talbott , who have long sought to divest india of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in asia , understand the only feasible solution for kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo .	this , pakistan 's lobbyist in washington christina rocca has been told , is the " minimum " that the pakistan army will accept .	with luck , the kashmir valley can attract investment from the middle east and other locations where muslims are dominant and become a tourist , education and services haven within india .
5/30/00	richard , below is a list of oc invoices sent to you for approval on 5/30/00 .
432785	holland & hart , llp ; # 432785 dated 4/14/00
4/14/00	holland & hart , llp ; # 432785 dated 4/14/00
10461	michael l. beatty & associates , pc ; # 10461 , # 10469 & # 10468 dated 5/28/00 .
10469	michael l. beatty & associates , pc ; # 10461 , # 10469 & # 10468 dated 5/28/00 .
10468	michael l. beatty & associates , pc ; # 10461 , # 10469 & # 10468 dated 5/28/00 .
5/28/00	michael l. beatty & associates , pc ; # 10461 , # 10469 & # 10468 dated 5/28/00 .
713/853-5025	becky a. stephens litigation unit , enron corp. 713/853-5025 eb 4809
4809	becky a. stephens litigation unit , enron corp. 713/853-5025 eb 4809
px	if the px comes back again , i will call their in - house attys .	we are renewing our l/c's on a month to month basis for the px per sanders .	we pointed out to the px that there was excess credit .
attys	if the px comes back again , i will call their in - house attys .
yoder	christian yoder / enron@enronxgate
06/04/2001	06/04/2001 05:54 pm
05:54	06/04/2001 05:54 pm
renewing	we are renewing our l/c's on a month to month basis for the px per sanders .
l/c's	we are renewing our l/c's on a month to month basis for the px per sanders .
replenish	however , the request below is to " replenish " the cash that was drawn down ... please advise .
e'mail	i agree with steve 's position stated in his separate e'mail .
cgy	---- cgy
bruin	attached below is davis thames ' presentation regarding the proposed project bruin .
stearns	i will forward the draft bear stearns term sheet separately .
203-719-8385	i spoke with mike collins [ 203-719-8385 ( phone ) and 203-719-7031 ( fax ) ] who conrfirmed to me that the cap included the remaining 2.5 + million remaining shares .
203-719-7031	i spoke with mike collins [ 203-719-8385 ( phone ) and 203-719-7031 ( fax ) ] who conrfirmed to me that the cap included the remaining 2.5 + million remaining shares .
conrfirmed	i spoke with mike collins [ 203-719-8385 ( phone ) and 203-719-7031 ( fax ) ] who conrfirmed to me that the cap included the remaining 2.5 + million remaining shares .
rozycki	my assistant joanne rozycki has cell , car numbers to reach me .
77002	sara shackleton enron wholesale services 1400 smith street , eb 3801a houston , tx 77002 ph : ( 713 ) 853-5620 fax : ( 713 ) 646-3490
853-5620	sara shackleton enron wholesale services 1400 smith street , eb 3801a houston , tx 77002 ph : ( 713 ) 853-5620 fax : ( 713 ) 646-3490
646-3490	sara shackleton enron wholesale services 1400 smith street , eb 3801a houston , tx 77002 ph : ( 713 ) 853-5620 fax : ( 713 ) 646-3490
13s	currently we have a blank " sample " for our paragraph 13s which are attached to our sample isdas for ( a ) us corporate , ( b ) hedge funds , ( c ) municipal .
caveat	the sample includes our " caveat " , so it should be fine .
suchdev	vijay k. suchdev vice president equity derivatives first union securities , inc. telephone : ( 212 ) 909-0951 facsimile : ( 212 ) 891-5042 email : vijay.suchdev@funb.com < mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com >
909-0951	vijay k. suchdev vice president equity derivatives first union securities , inc. telephone : ( 212 ) 909-0951 facsimile : ( 212 ) 891-5042 email : vijay.suchdev@funb.com < mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com >
891-5042	vijay k. suchdev vice president equity derivatives first union securities , inc. telephone : ( 212 ) 909-0951 facsimile : ( 212 ) 891-5042 email : vijay.suchdev@funb.com < mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com >
vijay.suchdev@funb.com	vijay k. suchdev vice president equity derivatives first union securities , inc. telephone : ( 212 ) 909-0951 facsimile : ( 212 ) 891-5042 email : vijay.suchdev@funb.com < mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com >
mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com	vijay k. suchdev vice president equity derivatives first union securities , inc. telephone : ( 212 ) 909-0951 facsimile : ( 212 ) 891-5042 email : vijay.suchdev@funb.com < mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com >
olsen@enron	michael olsen@enron
12/07/2000	12/07/2000 02:29 pm
02:29	12/07/2000 02:29 pm
daren	daren ,	daren	daren
equistar	the new fixed price deal with equistar is # 365013 .
365013	the new fixed price deal with equistar is # 365013 .
1552	http://www.speedtest.net/result/1155244347.png	we just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000 / d at meter # 1552 qe - 1 @ $ 4.355 .... can you let me and robert lloyd know what the sitara # is ?
qe	we just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000 / d at meter # 1552 qe - 1 @ $ 4.355 .... can you let me and robert lloyd know what the sitara # is ?
4.355	we just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000 / d at meter # 1552 qe - 1 @ $ 4.355 .... can you let me and robert lloyd know what the sitara # is ?
20.000	i show that we also had 20.000 at ls hpl for the 13th .	teco tap 108.333 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron	ls hpl lsk ic 20.000 / enron	teco tap 85.000 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron	ls hpl lsk ic 20.000 / enron	teco tap 32.500 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron
ls	- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>	- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>	- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>	<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>	- ld2d-#69377-1.xls	- ld2d-#69336-1.xls	came the disintegration of the beatles ' minds with lsd which has caused , among others , schizophrenic lyrics such as " i am the walrus " and incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like " revolution number 9 " .	they have excellent sushi chef special rolls for a fair price and so is the grill orders .	vcu has the # 1 art school in america , and excels in healthcare and medical schooling .	texas roadhouse has very good meals , that the meat comes right off the bones .	also , there should not be peanuts all over the floor .	i was also there of july 4th 2008 , when my daughter s buffalo wings came out with a fly on it .	since work has gone to hell , i am hoping to find some excitement in the possibility that lsu may play in the cotton bowl ( if rohan " alabama " davey shows up for the next 3 games . )	i show that we also had 20.000 at ls hpl for the 13th .	ls hpl lsk ic 20.000 / enron	ls hpl lsk ic 20.000 / enron
108.333	teco tap 108.333 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron
iferc	teco tap 108.333 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron	teco tap 85.000 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron	teco tap 32.500 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron
lsk	ls hpl lsk ic 20.000 / enron	ls hpl lsk ic 20.000 / enron
85.000	teco tap 85.000 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron
32.500	teco tap 32.500 / hpl iferc ; 20.000 / enron
83.5	now at 83.5 .
lawnmower	i need a new lawnmower , so i 'll try to bump it up a little more .
http://24.27.98.30/pictures/08-05_garrett_gayle_bday	i hope you do n't mind , but i 've taken liberty to turn them into a web photo album at http://24.27.98.30/pictures/08-05_garrett_gayle_bday .
tackett	ram tackett , ( mailto:rtackett@abacustech.net ) owner , abacus technologies 17611 loring lane , spring , tx 77388-5746 ( 281 ) 651-7106 ; fax ( 281 ) 528-8636 web : http://www.abacustech.net	- ram tackett ( e-mail ) .vcf 4222
mailto:rtackett@abacustech.net	ram tackett , ( mailto:rtackett@abacustech.net ) owner , abacus technologies 17611 loring lane , spring , tx 77388-5746 ( 281 ) 651-7106 ; fax ( 281 ) 528-8636 web : http://www.abacustech.net
abacus	ram tackett , ( mailto:rtackett@abacustech.net ) owner , abacus technologies 17611 loring lane , spring , tx 77388-5746 ( 281 ) 651-7106 ; fax ( 281 ) 528-8636 web : http://www.abacustech.net
17611	ram tackett , ( mailto:rtackett@abacustech.net ) owner , abacus technologies 17611 loring lane , spring , tx 77388-5746 ( 281 ) 651-7106 ; fax ( 281 ) 528-8636 web : http://www.abacustech.net
loring	ram tackett , ( mailto:rtackett@abacustech.net ) owner , abacus technologies 17611 loring lane , spring , tx 77388-5746 ( 281 ) 651-7106 ; fax ( 281 ) 528-8636 web : http://www.abacustech.net
77388-5746	ram tackett , ( mailto:rtackett@abacustech.net ) owner , abacus technologies 17611 loring lane , spring , tx 77388-5746 ( 281 ) 651-7106 ; fax ( 281 ) 528-8636 web : http://www.abacustech.net
651-7106	ram tackett , ( mailto:rtackett@abacustech.net ) owner , abacus technologies 17611 loring lane , spring , tx 77388-5746 ( 281 ) 651-7106 ; fax ( 281 ) 528-8636 web : http://www.abacustech.net
528-8636	ram tackett , ( mailto:rtackett@abacustech.net ) owner , abacus technologies 17611 loring lane , spring , tx 77388-5746 ( 281 ) 651-7106 ; fax ( 281 ) 528-8636 web : http://www.abacustech.net
http://www.abacustech.net	ram tackett , ( mailto:rtackett@abacustech.net ) owner , abacus technologies 17611 loring lane , spring , tx 77388-5746 ( 281 ) 651-7106 ; fax ( 281 ) 528-8636 web : http://www.abacustech.net
.vcf	- ram tackett ( e-mail ) .vcf 4222
4222	- ram tackett ( e-mail ) .vcf 4222
lj	i am bringing two of my girlfriends from lj .	i am bringing two of my girlfriends from lj .
enfolio	could one of you please email me a copy of the standard template you use for enfolio gas purchase agreements ?
stacey.richardson@enron.com	stacey barclay richardson enron net works , llc - global contracts stacey.richardson@enron.com ( 713 ) 853-0569 office ( 713 ) 646-2495 fax ( 713 ) 710-6084 pager
853-0569	stacey barclay richardson enron net works , llc - global contracts stacey.richardson@enron.com ( 713 ) 853-0569 office ( 713 ) 646-2495 fax ( 713 ) 710-6084 pager
646-2495	stacey barclay richardson enron net works , llc - global contracts stacey.richardson@enron.com ( 713 ) 853-0569 office ( 713 ) 646-2495 fax ( 713 ) 710-6084 pager
710-6084	stacey barclay richardson enron net works , llc - global contracts stacey.richardson@enron.com ( 713 ) 853-0569 office ( 713 ) 646-2495 fax ( 713 ) 710-6084 pager
janette	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	sent by : janette elbertson	sent by : janette elbertson
elbertson	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	sent by : janette elbertson	sent by : janette elbertson
ews	***** directions for how to post to news groups !!! *****	good news ... i found a web page run by canadian immigration lawyers at http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html .	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	please start using the ena dpr 0102 file rather than the ews dpr 2002 file to send to chris .
eb3326	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com
853-7906	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com
646-2600	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com
janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	janette elbertson administrative coordinator ews legal , eb3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com
12:15	maybe 12:15 ?
move-team@enron	move-team@enron
03:22	09/20/2000 03:22 pm
salinardo@enron	sent by : john salinardo@enron
churn	we will have to correct them after the churn .
995	until 1995 the ltte maintained a base at twante , an island off the coat of myanmar , west of the andaman islands .	in october 2001 , did the fbi profilers know of the draft message khalid mohammed had on the seized laptop ( from 1995 ) that was signed " khalid sheik bojinka " ?	zawahiri 's mission in the united states in 1995 was to do spadework for terrorism , not fundraising for charitable causes .	this trickle grew into a flood , resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in yellowstone in 1995 by the u.s. fish and wildlife service -- albeit over the strong and still - continuing objections of ranchers .	shakespeare electronic conference , vol. 6 , no. 0832 . monday , 23 october 1995 .	date : sunday , 22 oct 1995 10:57:32 - 0400	$ 3.8 bn - amount in the superfund trust fund for toxic site clean - ups in 1995 , the year " polluter pays " fees expired .	the dow topped out in february of 1966 at 995 .
744	danny jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net	danny jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net	i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet .	i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet .	i am missing deal no. 74419 on your sheet .	by september of that year the dow had tumbled to 744 .
943	the last wolf was killed in yellowstone national park in 1943 .	the dow then rallied to a high of 943 in september of '67 .	darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 94305-5015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie@stanford.edu web http://www.stanford.edu/~duffie/
'67	the dow then rallied to a high of 943 in september of '67 .
'68	by march of '68 the dow had fallen to 825 , only to climb to a highly speculative peak of 985 in december of '68 .
825	by march of '68 the dow had fallen to 825 , only to climb to a highly speculative peak of 985 in december of '68 .
985	http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_2079wt_893	http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_	by march of '68 the dow had fallen to 825 , only to climb to a highly speculative peak of 985 in december of '68 .
631	the dow then sank to 631 in december of '70 .
'70	the dow then sank to 631 in december of '70 .
'71	by april of '71 the dow had climbed back to 950 , only to fall to 869 in february of '72 .
869	by april of '71 the dow had climbed back to 950 , only to fall to 869 in february of '72 .
1051	a big rally then took the dow ( unconfirmed ) to a record high of 1051 in january of '73 , turning everyone bullish .
bullish	a big rally then took the dow ( unconfirmed ) to a record high of 1051 in january of '73 , turning everyone bullish .
788	but by december of '73 the dow had collapsed to 788 .
'74	think that was bad - by december of '74 the dow had sunk to a bear market low of 577 .
577	http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_2079wt_893	http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_	think that was bad - by december of '74 the dow had sunk to a bear market low of 577 .
gurus	at that time , the gurus and geniuses of wall street were predicting a 250 dow and many were talking openly about the end of capitalism .
geniuses	at that time , the gurus and geniuses of wall street were predicting a 250 dow and many were talking openly about the end of capitalism .
wrung	by late 1974 investors were dizzy , they were desperate , they were wrung - out , they had left wall street , many for good .
09:32	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 am	09/20/2000 09:32 am
arond	i will not be there at 7:30 , but will see you arond 9:30 on tuesday .
09/08/2000	09/08/2000 09:55 am	09/08/2000 09:36 am
09:55	09/08/2000 09:55 am
420,588	per the memo , ena 's storage account will be reduced by 420,588 mmbtu !!!!!!	enron 's working gas will be reduced by 420,588 mmbtu .
09:36	09/08/2000 09:36 am	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 8/30/2005 09:36:00 pm
pvt	visakha industrial gases pvt. ltd. , location at google maps .	the results of the february 26th pvt test conducted on nville have been discussed with each of you over the last three months .
nville	the results of the february 26th pvt test conducted on nville have been discussed with each of you over the last three months .
398,487	the results of the february 26th test reduces the working gas by 398,487 mmbtu .
22,101	in addition , there is a reduction of 22,101 mmbtu which is the difference between the scada values ( best available ) that anita showed on the february 29th storage sheet and the " official " february 29th values that gary wilson received from mips .
scada	in addition , there is a reduction of 22,101 mmbtu which is the difference between the scada values ( best available ) that anita showed on the february 29th storage sheet and the " official " february 29th values that gary wilson received from mips .
mips	in addition , there is a reduction of 22,101 mmbtu which is the difference between the scada values ( best available ) that anita showed on the february 29th storage sheet and the " official " february 29th values that gary wilson received from mips .
summarize	according to the controversial " feith memo , " which summarized purported intelligence showing an iraqi / al qaeda connection , osama bin laden had asked iraqi intelligence for technical assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the al hayat letters were sent .	to summarize : enron 's pad gas will now be 3,993,310 mmbtu , instead of 4,223,000 mmbtu .
3,993,310	to summarize : enron 's pad gas will now be 3,993,310 mmbtu , instead of 4,223,000 mmbtu .
4,223,000	to summarize : enron 's pad gas will now be 3,993,310 mmbtu , instead of 4,223,000 mmbtu .
regressing	she told me that after friday and saturday she felt i was slowly regressing .
*******************	******************************************************************	******************************************************************	***********************************	******************************** notice *************************************	************************************************	************************************************	******************* internet email confidentiality footer *******************
footer	******************* internet email confidentiality footer *******************
addressee	if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone .
j12746km	job id : j12746km
60000	compensation : $ 60000 - 70000
70000	compensation : $ 60000 - 70000
tort	incitement by arab tv , accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies , has become a powerful weapon of those who lie , distort and want to destroy everything .	we are the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torturing , the disenfranchised convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployed and unemployable .	well , sure enough , when i heard the cats " meowing , " i imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of god were living , what went on in their tiny , sweet little minds , and decided that i want to do something about this torture .	esp. the mole , tortilla soup , and guacamole .	i sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was .	i do nt know what it is , but since a very young age i have had a strange but very gratifying urge to torture or maime animals .	i am deadly serious , i really do get sexual releif from even hearing of torture of animals , now some people may call me a brute or a coward but i ca nt help my true feelings .	worst place flour tortillas are always hard the beef enchiladas are discussing meat all over cooked was good many yrs ago but restaurant has gone down hill	our client is a small law firm that is looking for an individual to join their team handling toxic tort with some minor pi defense .
28601	marvel consultants , inc. 28601 chagrin blvd. cleveland , ohio 44122 usa email : recruiters@marvelconsultants.com < mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com > phone : 216-292-2855 fax : 216-292-7207
chagrin	marvel consultants , inc. 28601 chagrin blvd. cleveland , ohio 44122 usa email : recruiters@marvelconsultants.com < mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com > phone : 216-292-2855 fax : 216-292-7207
44122	marvel consultants , inc. 28601 chagrin blvd. cleveland , ohio 44122 usa email : recruiters@marvelconsultants.com < mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com > phone : 216-292-2855 fax : 216-292-7207
recruiters@marvelconsultants.com	marvel consultants , inc. 28601 chagrin blvd. cleveland , ohio 44122 usa email : recruiters@marvelconsultants.com < mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com > phone : 216-292-2855 fax : 216-292-7207
mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com	marvel consultants , inc. 28601 chagrin blvd. cleveland , ohio 44122 usa email : recruiters@marvelconsultants.com < mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com > phone : 216-292-2855 fax : 216-292-7207
216-292-2855	marvel consultants , inc. 28601 chagrin blvd. cleveland , ohio 44122 usa email : recruiters@marvelconsultants.com < mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com > phone : 216-292-2855 fax : 216-292-7207
216-292-7207	marvel consultants , inc. 28601 chagrin blvd. cleveland , ohio 44122 usa email : recruiters@marvelconsultants.com < mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com > phone : 216-292-2855 fax : 216-292-7207
intrude	right now , your male is fighting off an intruder , and he feels that all of the house is his .	the intruders slit the screen of the window .	i 've thought about you a few times in the last few months , did n't want to intrude upon an already bad situation with my bullshit questions .
depressing	i 'm hearing some pretty depressing stuff from the people i know at ene .
gianoucous	i 've got some friends at duke and dynegy from b - school , the gianoucous ( spelling ?? ) brothers ( john and dimitri ? from elementary school ) started their own outfit a while back , and my old man is at schlumberger and has good contacts in general ( if you are n't married to a trading environment ) .
schlumberger	i 've got some friends at duke and dynegy from b - school , the gianoucous ( spelling ?? ) brothers ( john and dimitri ? from elementary school ) started their own outfit a while back , and my old man is at schlumberger and has good contacts in general ( if you are n't married to a trading environment ) .
defunctc	you guys have any job opening for ex natural gas traders that made their now almost defunctc ompany over 40 million in the last two years ?
ompany	sufaat used his company called green laboratory medicine to buy items useful to al qaeda .	how do you feel about taking on another company ?	there is a corporate data sheet for this company , but this entity seems to have been inactive since it 's creation .	despite the name , this entity appears to be a mtm company .	per september financials , this company has about $ 3 m of mtm and about $ 8 k of expenses , nothing else .	company is around with a small amount of assets and liabilities , but no i/s items .	no problem about moving company 1691 over	how do you feel about taking on another company ?	weblogic is required by backweb , although it is designed by a separate company .	they are hoping corp will foot the bill for a pilot which will allow them to fully test this tool before implementing it company - wide .	cullen and dykman ( attorneys for boston gas company ) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the tenn and iroq space back to boston gas .	he is joining an excellent company .	ineos is an english company which has a majority of its operations in the us .	i have inserted the company details of uecomm as requested .	we will be targeting to raise at least $ 100,000 so company contributions will range from $ 10,000 - $ 20,000 per person ( $ 10 k minimum per person ) depending on the number of respondents .	the company is arco products , adn their comments are on the attached file .	the intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtors and creditor balances obsf transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	the circularisation of barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis	a full reconciliation of intercompany accounts	when the company is set up in the eol database we link the company to the parent and reference the cp id .	when the company is set up in the eol database we link the company to the parent and reference the cp id .	i have the following suggestion for our company .	since enron 's employees are assigned an sap identification numbers ( p number ) and an hr number , could enron as a company use these ids instead of the ss numbers ?	finally , i told the little girl that she would have to accompany me to school ( 8:30 am ) .	net to enron lng marketing company - $ 272,000 ( $ 0.10 / mmbtu )	in the three years i have been here , i am unaware of an ena / ect bad faith claim against any insurance company .	agel is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network marketing industry .	the company has developed an entirely new category of products .	the company has developed a unique and innovative delivery mechanism for nutritional products .	it is not just company longevity .	he was three months late in filing a name for the business , and he threatened to call his company apple computers if the other colleagues did n't suggest a better name by 5 o'clock .	bill hewlett and dave packard tossed a coin to decide whether the company they founded would be called hewlett - packard or packard - hewlett .
tva	as we discussed , here is a first effort at a revised tva offer letter .	i drafted the into tva option as a series of calls tied to the mopa delivery term and quantity - not sure if this anything close to what you all had in mind .
mopa	i drafted the into tva option as a series of calls tied to the mopa delivery term and quantity - not sure if this anything close to what you all had in mind .
36349	elizabeth 36349	elizabeth 36349	elizabeth 36349
02/28/2001	02/28/2001 03:16 pm	02/28/2001 04:41 pm
03:16	02/28/2001 03:16 pm
11/14/2000	11/14/2000 11:37 am
11:37	11/14/2000 11:37 am
yuk	yuk .
vm	per my vm
lamb@enron	john lamb@enron
11/15/2000	11/15/2000 11:58 am
11:58	11/15/2000 11:58 am
epmi	attached are clean and blacklined drafts of the enron guaranties to be made in support of epmi 's obligations under the indian mesa ii renewable energy purchase agreement ( " ppa " ) and green premium sharing agreement ( " gspa " ) .?	we plan to use the same basic form for the enron guaranty that will be made in favor of epmi with respect to the seller 's obligations under the ppa .
ppa	attached are clean and blacklined drafts of the enron guaranties to be made in support of epmi 's obligations under the indian mesa ii renewable energy purchase agreement ( " ppa " ) and green premium sharing agreement ( " gspa " ) .?	the guaranty for the ppa is blacklined against the enron epc contract guaranty in favor of the banks which was granted in connection with our cabazon wind power project ( the project most recently financed by ewc ) and the gpsa guaranty is blacklined against the ppa guaranty .	we plan to use the same basic form for the enron guaranty that will be made in favor of epmi with respect to the seller 's obligations under the ppa .	- ppa guaranty.doc	- redline ppa guaranty.doc
gspa	attached are clean and blacklined drafts of the enron guaranties to be made in support of epmi 's obligations under the indian mesa ii renewable energy purchase agreement ( " ppa " ) and green premium sharing agreement ( " gspa " ) .?
cabazon	the guaranty for the ppa is blacklined against the enron epc contract guaranty in favor of the banks which was granted in connection with our cabazon wind power project ( the project most recently financed by ewc ) and the gpsa guaranty is blacklined against the ppa guaranty .
ewc	the guaranty for the ppa is blacklined against the enron epc contract guaranty in favor of the banks which was granted in connection with our cabazon wind power project ( the project most recently financed by ewc ) and the gpsa guaranty is blacklined against the ppa guaranty .
gpsa	the guaranty for the ppa is blacklined against the enron epc contract guaranty in favor of the banks which was granted in connection with our cabazon wind power project ( the project most recently financed by ewc ) and the gpsa guaranty is blacklined against the ppa guaranty .	- gpsa guaranty.doc	- redline gpsa guaranty.doc
lenders	as we discussed last week , since the enron guaranties will need to be in a form that will acceptable to our project lenders and equity participants , we thought that we should start with a form that was used in our last financing and that was negotiated by enron and the banks .
guaranty.doc	- ppa guaranty.doc	- gpsa guaranty.doc	- redline gpsa guaranty.doc	- redline ppa guaranty.doc
redline	- redline gpsa guaranty.doc	- redline ppa guaranty.doc
03/26/2001	03/26/2001 08:58 pm
hain	pike 's concern is based on china 's development of a new medium - lift rocket , the long march v , and the construction of a new space launch complex on hainan island in the south china sea .	mary hain	my new address will be : mary hain senior regulatory counsel iso new england inc.one sullivan road holyoke , ma 01040-2841 ( 413 ) 535-4000 mhain@iso-ne.com
12:24	03/23/2001 12:24 pm
inc.one	my new address will be : mary hain senior regulatory counsel iso new england inc.one sullivan road holyoke , ma 01040-2841 ( 413 ) 535-4000 mhain@iso-ne.com
holyoke	my new address will be : mary hain senior regulatory counsel iso new england inc.one sullivan road holyoke , ma 01040-2841 ( 413 ) 535-4000 mhain@iso-ne.com
01040-2841	my new address will be : mary hain senior regulatory counsel iso new england inc.one sullivan road holyoke , ma 01040-2841 ( 413 ) 535-4000 mhain@iso-ne.com
413	http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/us_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html	[ http://www.newsday.com/news/opinion/ny-vpnasa054135614feb05,0,5979821.story?coll=ny-editorials-headlines ]	my new address will be : mary hain senior regulatory counsel iso new england inc.one sullivan road holyoke , ma 01040-2841 ( 413 ) 535-4000 mhain@iso-ne.com
535-4000	my new address will be : mary hain senior regulatory counsel iso new england inc.one sullivan road holyoke , ma 01040-2841 ( 413 ) 535-4000 mhain@iso-ne.com
mhain@iso-ne.com	my new address will be : mary hain senior regulatory counsel iso new england inc.one sullivan road holyoke , ma 01040-2841 ( 413 ) 535-4000 mhain@iso-ne.com
cdwr	here is a revised draft of the cdwr risk memo .	this morning 's paper reports that a rate increase of 40 % may be imposed by the cdwr as early as today and the new bond issue amount is purported to be 16 billion ( rather than the 10 initially discussed )
615	ps i may have to come back to work for a 615 call
gorte	i have just checked with rac ( david gorte ) and we have a green light to go ahead with the project .
titman@mail.utexas.edu	sheridan titman < titman@mail.utexas.edu > on 01/24/2001 02:45:50 pm	sheridan titman department of finance college of business administration university of texas austin , texas 78712-1179 512-232-2787 ( phone ) 512-471-5073 ( fax ) titman@mail.utexas.edu
02:45:50	sheridan titman < titman@mail.utexas.edu > on 01/24/2001 02:45:50 pm
78712-1179	sheridan titman department of finance college of business administration university of texas austin , texas 78712-1179 512-232-2787 ( phone ) 512-471-5073 ( fax ) titman@mail.utexas.edu
512-232-2787	sheridan titman department of finance college of business administration university of texas austin , texas 78712-1179 512-232-2787 ( phone ) 512-471-5073 ( fax ) titman@mail.utexas.edu
512-471-5073	sheridan titman department of finance college of business administration university of texas austin , texas 78712-1179 512-232-2787 ( phone ) 512-471-5073 ( fax ) titman@mail.utexas.edu
prof.	we discussed a few days ago a consulting arrangement with prof. sheridan titman from ut .
42299	42299
kindall@enron	kevin kindall@enron
cfoforum.ppt	- cfoforum.ppt
clewlow	clewlow / strickland book is out .
strickland	clewlow / strickland book is out .
duffie	darrell duffie < duffie@stanford.edu > on 01/24/2001 03:17:01 pm	please respond to darrell duffie < duffie@stanford.edu >	darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 94305-5015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie@stanford.edu web http://www.stanford.edu/~duffie/
duffie@stanford.edu	darrell duffie < duffie@stanford.edu > on 01/24/2001 03:17:01 pm	please respond to darrell duffie < duffie@stanford.edu >
03:17:01	darrell duffie < duffie@stanford.edu > on 01/24/2001 03:17:01 pm
taiichi	vince / taiichi
_____________________________________________	____________________________________________________	__________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	____________________________________________________________	_________________________________________________________________	_____________________________________________	_____________________________________________	__________________________________________________
gsb	darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 94305-5015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie@stanford.edu web http://www.stanford.edu/~duffie/
94305-5015	darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 94305-5015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie@stanford.edu web http://www.stanford.edu/~duffie/
723	http://www.romancescam.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=7231	john staikos direct dial :? 203.961.7523 direct fax :? 203.674.7723 e-mail :? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com	darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 94305-5015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie@stanford.edu web http://www.stanford.edu/~duffie/
725	testimony at http://judiciary.senate.gov/testimony.cfm?id=1725&wit_id=4905	namsan tower : http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg	darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 94305-5015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie@stanford.edu web http://www.stanford.edu/~duffie/
7979	darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 94305-5015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie@stanford.edu web http://www.stanford.edu/~duffie/
http://www.stanford.edu/~duffie/	darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 94305-5015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie@stanford.edu web http://www.stanford.edu/~duffie/
paper4.pdf	- paper4.pdf
853-7408	( 713 ) 853-7408
arfsten	al arfsten < arfsten@bflassociates.com > on 01/24/2001 11:16:25 am	al arfsten 713 965 2158
arfsten@bflassociates.com	al arfsten < arfsten@bflassociates.com > on 01/24/2001 11:16:25 am
11:16:25	al arfsten < arfsten@bflassociates.com > on 01/24/2001 11:16:25 am
commercialization	enron could be an ideal environment from which to the concept enhancement through to commercialization could be successfully accomplished .
confidentially	please confidentially share matters as you think best and advise me of the interest generated .
965	al arfsten 713 965 2158
2158	al arfsten 713 965 2158
stinson	please , ask stinson as well .
chonawee	i thought that since chonawee has an optimization background , he would be good to have him go to dinner with dr. lasdon on thrusday as well .
lasdon	i thought that since chonawee has an optimization background , he would be good to have him go to dinner with dr. lasdon on thrusday as well .
thrusday	i thought that since chonawee has an optimization background , he would be good to have him go to dinner with dr. lasdon on thrusday as well .
kk	kk	kk	okay , i do nt have a review , but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials kkk .... is there something behind the scenes at this place ?
plano	unfortunately , i will be in plano that weekend .
rsvp	for those of you who already sent us an rsvp response recently , please disregard .
wt	the same week , the wtc head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes , they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received .	according to a post she made on the internet , aafia siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with us appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of wtc 1993 plotter ramzi yousef from pakistan .	the letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the wtc and a related plot .	two bombs were also sent to leavenworth , where a key wtc 1993 defendant was imprisoned , addressed to " parole officer . "	the imprisoned wtc 1993 plotter yousef was ksm 's nephew .	wt cal has been added .
id's	could you run those additional post - id's ?	i should have a list of post - id's for you by 4:30 today .
aruba	there are deals in the aruba book so i 'm not sure why you are n't picking those up .
ey4096.1	ey4096.1 performance 01-feb-02 p 6,363,217 - $ 250,393
01-feb-02	ey4096.1 performance 01-feb-02 p 6,363,217 - $ 250,393	ey4096.3 performance 01-feb-02 p 202,989 $ 195,610	ey4096.4 performance 01-feb-02 f 0 $ 31,180	ey4096.7 performance 01-feb-02 p - 6,363,217 - $ 55,678	ey4106.6 performance 01-feb-02 p - 1,993,045 - $ 32,387	ey4106.7 performance 01-feb-02 p 1,993,045 - $ 43,548	ey4106.9 performance 01-feb-02 p 27,886 $ 27,361	ey4108.e performance 01-feb-02 p 12,514,373 - $ 265,932	ey4108.f performance 01-feb-02 p 112,610 $ 110,555	ey4108.h performance 01-feb-02 p - 2,239,879 - $ 36,398	ey4108.i performance 01-feb-02 p - 10,274,494 - $ 166,960
6,363,217	ey4096.1 performance 01-feb-02 p 6,363,217 - $ 250,393	ey4096.7 performance 01-feb-02 p - 6,363,217 - $ 55,678
250,393	ey4096.1 performance 01-feb-02 p 6,363,217 - $ 250,393
ey4096.3	ey4096.3 performance 01-feb-02 p 202,989 $ 195,610
202,989	ey4096.3 performance 01-feb-02 p 202,989 $ 195,610
195,610	ey4096.3 performance 01-feb-02 p 202,989 $ 195,610
ey4096.4	ey4096.4 performance 01-feb-02 f 0 $ 31,180
31,180	ey4096.4 performance 01-feb-02 f 0 $ 31,180
ey4096.7	ey4096.7 performance 01-feb-02 p - 6,363,217 - $ 55,678
55,678	ey4096.7 performance 01-feb-02 p - 6,363,217 - $ 55,678
ey4106.6	ey4106.6 performance 01-feb-02 p - 1,993,045 - $ 32,387
1,993,045	ey4106.6 performance 01-feb-02 p - 1,993,045 - $ 32,387	ey4106.7 performance 01-feb-02 p 1,993,045 - $ 43,548
32,387	ey4106.6 performance 01-feb-02 p - 1,993,045 - $ 32,387
ey4106.7	ey4106.7 performance 01-feb-02 p 1,993,045 - $ 43,548
43,548	ey4106.7 performance 01-feb-02 p 1,993,045 - $ 43,548
ey4106.9	ey4106.9 performance 01-feb-02 p 27,886 $ 27,361
27,886	ey4106.9 performance 01-feb-02 p 27,886 $ 27,361
27,361	ey4106.9 performance 01-feb-02 p 27,886 $ 27,361
ey4108.e	ey4108.e performance 01-feb-02 p 12,514,373 - $ 265,932
12,514,373	ey4108.e performance 01-feb-02 p 12,514,373 - $ 265,932
265,932	ey4108.e performance 01-feb-02 p 12,514,373 - $ 265,932
ey4108.f	ey4108.f performance 01-feb-02 p 112,610 $ 110,555
112,610	ey4108.f performance 01-feb-02 p 112,610 $ 110,555
110,555	ey4108.f performance 01-feb-02 p 112,610 $ 110,555
ey4108.h	ey4108.h performance 01-feb-02 p - 2,239,879 - $ 36,398
2,239,879	ey4108.h performance 01-feb-02 p - 2,239,879 - $ 36,398
36,398	ey4108.h performance 01-feb-02 p - 2,239,879 - $ 36,398
ey4108.i	ey4108.i performance 01-feb-02 p - 10,274,494 - $ 166,960
10,274,494	ey4108.i performance 01-feb-02 p - 10,274,494 - $ 166,960
166,960	ey4108.i performance 01-feb-02 p - 10,274,494 - $ 166,960
0102	please start using the ena dpr 0102 file rather than the ews dpr 2002 file to send to chris .
bcf	the positions needed to be divided to reflect bcf 's .
dpr's	while our established schedules of tuesday and friday dpr's would have us reporting tomorrow 's activity on monday , we will change that for month end .
1/29/02	you should use the same spreadsheet format used for the 1/29/02 dpr .
prma	all p&l and prma numbers should be in $ '000's .
'000's	all p&l and prma numbers should be in $ '000's .
spreadsheets	starting in february , you will be able to export the data , as opposed to using the spreadsheets .
chris.abel@enron.com	chris abel manager , risk controls global risk operations chris.abel@enron.com < mailto:chris.abel@enron.com > 713.853.3102
mailto:chris.abel@enron.com	chris abel manager , risk controls global risk operations chris.abel@enron.com < mailto:chris.abel@enron.com > 713.853.3102
713.853.3102	chris abel manager , risk controls global risk operations chris.abel@enron.com < mailto:chris.abel@enron.com > 713.853.3102
sanjeev	sanjeev ,
leli	leli
olly	an orphaned , two - month old african elephant named olly received an extremely uplifting christmas present this year : an airplane ride just for him , courtesy of the international fund for animal welfare and their friends ' the bateleurs ' .
uplifting	an orphaned , two - month old african elephant named olly received an extremely uplifting christmas present this year : an airplane ride just for him , courtesy of the international fund for animal welfare and their friends ' the bateleurs ' .
bateleurs	an orphaned , two - month old african elephant named olly received an extremely uplifting christmas present this year : an airplane ride just for him , courtesy of the international fund for animal welfare and their friends ' the bateleurs ' .
astrology	we have started a new forum for an interactive and absorbing discussion on astrology & palmistry and everything in between including gemology , feng shui / vaastu shastra .
palmistry	we have started a new forum for an interactive and absorbing discussion on astrology & palmistry and everything in between including gemology , feng shui / vaastu shastra .
gemology	we have started a new forum for an interactive and absorbing discussion on astrology & palmistry and everything in between including gemology , feng shui / vaastu shastra .
shui	we have started a new forum for an interactive and absorbing discussion on astrology & palmistry and everything in between including gemology , feng shui / vaastu shastra .
vaastu	we have started a new forum for an interactive and absorbing discussion on astrology & palmistry and everything in between including gemology , feng shui / vaastu shastra .
shastra	we have started a new forum for an interactive and absorbing discussion on astrology & palmistry and everything in between including gemology , feng shui / vaastu shastra .
swetha	swetha
cd's	play your cd's , 8 - tracks , reel to reels , cassettes , vinyl 33 / 45's , and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp , you 'll get a big eye opener !
reels	play your cd's , 8 - tracks , reel to reels , cassettes , vinyl 33 / 45's , and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp , you 'll get a big eye opener !
cassettes	play your cd's , 8 - tracks , reel to reels , cassettes , vinyl 33 / 45's , and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp , you 'll get a big eye opener !
45's	play your cd's , 8 - tracks , reel to reels , cassettes , vinyl 33 / 45's , and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp , you 'll get a big eye opener !
shellac	play your cd's , 8 - tracks , reel to reels , cassettes , vinyl 33 / 45's , and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp , you 'll get a big eye opener !
78's	play your cd's , 8 - tracks , reel to reels , cassettes , vinyl 33 / 45's , and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp , you 'll get a big eye opener !
magnavox	complete with original magnavox tubes - all tubes have been tested they are all good - stereo amp
heterosexuals	heterosexuals increasingly back gay marriage
kitna	twinkle twinkle lazy star kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " hi "
soyega	twinkle twinkle lazy star kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " hi "
uthja	twinkle twinkle lazy star kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " hi "
yaar	twinkle twinkle lazy star kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " hi "
uthke	twinkle twinkle lazy star kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " hi "
jaldi	twinkle twinkle lazy star kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " hi "
chai	kalkat , who currently chairs the independent us - based international council on conflict resolution , said despite the failure of the indian army to disarm or even subdue the tigers , india remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks .	that brings the story to may 1972 - the time that has been the focus of so many news reports - when bush " deserted " ( according to anti-bush filmmaker michael moore ) or went " awol " ( according to terry mcauliffe , chairman of the democratic national committee ) .	it was mr. bush 's job to organize the republican county chairpersons in the 67 alabama counties .	lee huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	susan scott would like authorization to order an aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .	this particular chair is designed to help with back problems , which she has .	many people at enron already have this type of chair , but we rarely , if ever , have a surplus because they are so popular .	the cost is $ 567.77 per chair plus tax .	lee huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	susan scott would like authorization to order an aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .	this particular chair is designed to help with back problems , which she has .	many people at enron already have this type of chair , but we rarely , if ever , have a surplus because they are so popular .	the cost is $ 567.77 per chair plus tax .	jan smutney - jones , who was the iso board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generators , said winter did not consult him about eliminating the price cap .	james j. hoecker , the former federal energy regulatory commission chairman , defended making the december decision and also defended winter .	bob noyce and gordon moore wanted to name their new company ' moore noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of integrated electronics .	" the impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the arctic , " said acia chair robert corell .	0 - number of minutes that president bush , vice - president dick cheney , the defence secretary , donald rumsfeld , the assistant defence secretary , paul wolfowitz , the former chairman of the defence policy board , richard perle , and the white house chief of staff , karl rove - the main proponents of the war in iraq - served in combat ( combined ) .	yo also may want to try " small neighborhood " restaurants and support family run places rather than the large corporate chains .	it 's a really huge place over there , and so many visitors / foreigners went to put chains and locks over there !	( i just thought he wanted me to see one of those chain letter things again ) so i fineally checked it , and it was an e mail from southwest airlines telling me the flight dates for out family trip to florida !!!	my suggestion is to pay close attention to what 's going on in the background and if possible , stand on a chair , get on the ground , do whatever you need to do to get rid of distracting elements .	last thing is every time i sit on a chair or something higher than him , he will try to jump on , if he ca n't , he will bark all the time until i let him get on , what should i do with this ?	this is the original ham 's restaurant , expanded into a regional chain in the late 80's -- but this one is no more .	all the food tasted excellent , and with the new renovation of chairs and the bathroom , it is awesome .	# 2 the decor is tasteful and artistic , from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures .... and ( most importantly ) # 3 the food is fantastic .	the portions were generous and we got out for less than the cost of one entree at some chain restaurant .	restored my faith in mechaincs .	i am made to feel special when i am in the chair and i have never had a less than amazing cut or color experience .	but now that they are part of a chain , service has slipped .	on the other hand , the richmond ukrops chain is known for its charity work , its community action , and its interest in the public welfare .	very frustrating for a restaurant that has 1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service ... hmm there was no canape's or amuse to keep us occupied , once we complained about the wait they took us something to nibble on but that took us getting out our chairs and wondering round to do that and it was impossible to get anyone s attention .
rajendra	rajendra
rajendra.o...@gmail.com	rajendra.o...@gmail.com
image_gif_part	image_gif_part
brillant	the story had brillant battle scenes , lovable heroes and villians , a compelling story line , and it left me dying for the next part of the series :) go to taleofterra.com to learn more aboout it
villians	the story had brillant battle scenes , lovable heroes and villians , a compelling story line , and it left me dying for the next part of the series :) go to taleofterra.com to learn more aboout it
taleofterra.com	the story had brillant battle scenes , lovable heroes and villians , a compelling story line , and it left me dying for the next part of the series :) go to taleofterra.com to learn more aboout it
aboout	the story had brillant battle scenes , lovable heroes and villians , a compelling story line , and it left me dying for the next part of the series :) go to taleofterra.com to learn more aboout it
roving	email : roving mouse < s...@tack.net >
s...@tack.net	email : roving mouse < s...@tack.net >
talk.politics.animals	groups : alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , talk.politics.animals
surfs	you will always find fascinating links at : extreme web surfs http://extremewebsurfs.blogspot.com/ ( nice urban wildlife post today ) & me and the web http://maartenvt.blogspot.com/ arts , history , animals , music , games , politics , technology , fun and more !
http://extremewebsurfs.blogspot.com/	you will always find fascinating links at : extreme web surfs http://extremewebsurfs.blogspot.com/ ( nice urban wildlife post today ) & me and the web http://maartenvt.blogspot.com/ arts , history , animals , music , games , politics , technology , fun and more !
http://maartenvt.blogspot.com/	you will always find fascinating links at : extreme web surfs http://extremewebsurfs.blogspot.com/ ( nice urban wildlife post today ) & me and the web http://maartenvt.blogspot.com/ arts , history , animals , music , games , politics , technology , fun and more !
ryool	we have a date for the release of ragnarok online 2 ( beta anyway ) september 16 - 18 , this was announced by gravity ceo kim jung - ryool on either 16th or 17th of july and as i do n't want to take someone 's credit's i got it here ^^ gamespot
credit's	we have a date for the release of ragnarok online 2 ( beta anyway ) september 16 - 18 , this was announced by gravity ceo kim jung - ryool on either 16th or 17th of july and as i do n't want to take someone 's credit's i got it here ^^ gamespot
^^	we have a date for the release of ragnarok online 2 ( beta anyway ) september 16 - 18 , this was announced by gravity ceo kim jung - ryool on either 16th or 17th of july and as i do n't want to take someone 's credit's i got it here ^^ gamespot	which wonderful contact of mine is thumbs upping all my best answers ^^ ?
gamespot	we have a date for the release of ragnarok online 2 ( beta anyway ) september 16 - 18 , this was announced by gravity ceo kim jung - ryool on either 16th or 17th of july and as i do n't want to take someone 's credit's i got it here ^^ gamespot
ian.gilb...@btinternet.com	email : " ian " < ian.gilb...@btinternet.com >
www.southbhamcats.org.uk	please do visit us and feel free to browse the site at www.southbhamcats.org.uk	ian - webmaster www.southbhamcats.org.uk
re-homing	ps - we also have more cats coming in for re-homing see our ' homes wanted ' page
co-ordinator	police in the indian capital delhi say they have arrested the suspected co-ordinator and financier of last month 's deadly bomb blasts in the city .
financier	police in the indian capital delhi say they have arrested the suspected co-ordinator and financier of last month 's deadly bomb blasts in the city .
lashkar	he said mr dar , 33 , was arrested in indian - administered kashmir and belonged to the outlawed lashkar - e - toiba militant group .
toiba	he said mr dar , 33 , was arrested in indian - administered kashmir and belonged to the outlawed lashkar - e - toiba militant group .
jespersen	i like the way otto jespersen ( in ' language : its nature , development and origin ' ) aptly summarised the nature of language changes by comparing it with one of the theories of the manchester school of economics :
aptly	i like the way otto jespersen ( in ' language : its nature , development and origin ' ) aptly summarised the nature of language changes by comparing it with one of the theories of the manchester school of economics :
hindrances	' everything is for the best in the best of all possible worlds if only no artificial hindrances are put in the way of free exchange , for demand and supply will regulate everything better than any government would be able to . '
portia	portia
cognitivesciencen...@gmail.com	email : anthony beavers < cognitivesciencen...@gmail.com >
inhibitory	inhibitory systems control the pattern of activity in the cortex	" inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex , which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation , according to a yale school of medicine study in neuron ....
cortical	" inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex , which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation , according to a yale school of medicine study in neuron ....	the findings demonstrate the inhibitory network is central to controlling not only the amplitude , extent and duration of activation of recurrent excitatory cortical networks , but also the precise timing of action potentials , and , thus , network synchronization ... "
neuron	" inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex , which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation , according to a yale school of medicine study in neuron ....
recurrent	the findings demonstrate the inhibitory network is central to controlling not only the amplitude , extent and duration of activation of recurrent excitatory cortical networks , but also the precise timing of action potentials , and , thus , network synchronization ... "
excitatory	the findings demonstrate the inhibitory network is central to controlling not only the amplitude , extent and duration of activation of recurrent excitatory cortical networks , but also the precise timing of action potentials , and , thus , network synchronization ... "
potentials	the findings demonstrate the inhibitory network is central to controlling not only the amplitude , extent and duration of activation of recurrent excitatory cortical networks , but also the precise timing of action potentials , and , thus , network synchronization ... "
synchronization	the findings demonstrate the inhibitory network is central to controlling not only the amplitude , extent and duration of activation of recurrent excitatory cortical networks , but also the precise timing of action potentials , and , thus , network synchronization ... "
8/28/2005	posted by anthony beavers to cognitive science news at 8/28/2005 07:18:20 am
07:18:20	posted by anthony beavers to cognitive science news at 8/28/2005 07:18:20 am
engin	guerrillas killed an engineer , asi ali , from tikrit .	unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in south asia , pervez musharraf has now called colin powell 's bluff , challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the indians jump to his commands .	although while in jail in the early 1980s , zawahiri caused considerable tension by challenging the blind sheik 's ability to lead a coalition of the egyptian islamic jihad and the egyptian islamic group , zawahiri and obl are rahman 's friends .	our project manager ( scott laidlaw ) and engineer ( harry okabayashi ) want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering services on this project to support the ena work .	we played a new version of uno called " african uno " that was complex , fast and at times , physically challenging .	now , nasa engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with " go " fever as the tentative date for the first launch since the columbia disaster approaches .	the name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search - engine would be able to search .	they kept the name oracle and created the rdbms engine .	country not open or not have fixed strategy = nasa & company to use " freeze thawed " strategy especially when the country has a challenging , growing and ambitious space program .	this is really an end goal aim of nasa & company and also does not allow anyone challenging the moon landing hoax .	she has not only helped me through some challenging computer - work and sports related injuries , she was wonderful to work with throughout my pregnancy and beyond .	i brought a car in to have the " check engine " light diagnosed back in march of 2010 .	being a grocery shop , maintaining 5000 different products was a challenging job .	a couple days after the oil change , the engine ran rough , the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically , and the engine would whir loudly .	turns out the engine had no oil , and when oil was put it , it would just run out of the filter .	there could have ( hopefully does n't have ) major damage to the engine .	their so called mechanic said the engine was good and " there is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck " .	well i think a blown engine falls under the catagory of mechanics right ?	the next day i took it to 2 auto shops and they both told me the same thing , engine is junk .	what they wonder is whether google can be anything more than what it 's always been -- a great search engine with some real grass - roots support , successful by the grace of simplicity .	if they continue to add features so they can justify their likely sky - high valuation , google risks losing a huge chunk of their customer base to the next keep - it - simple search engine .	ben goodger is the lead engineer for mozilla firefox .	they have their own website which you can easily find using any search engine .	what if google expanded on its search - engine ( and now e-mail ) wares into a full - fledged operating system ?	google is a nice search engine .	email : " engin i. erdem " < erdemen...@gmail.com >	always professional and reliable , sessions are good fun and suitably challenging .
i.	http://www.bullatomsci.org/issues/1993/s93/s93marples.html	sploid.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction : http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php	greendale likely refers to green river valley -- i.e. , cairo 's egyptian islamic jihad or the islamic group .	the brochure for the conference and associated workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below : < http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>	1 . the pricing that we have given crra is specific to fuelcell energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , onsi would be a lot more money ) .	fri. sept. 22 - stay in same hotel , visit monaco , nice ?	fri. sept. 29 - paris ( giverny - monet 's gardens - 3 / 4 day side trip )	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste	i.e. are we covered if we proceed a word with " enron " ?	for banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. u.s. and u.k. branches ) .	what expiration date are you using , i.e. : for monthly call options the 15th of the relevant month , and for daily options ?	he needs more info about these trades ( i.e. , price info ) and would like to talk with you about it .	e-mail : sciencem...@upi.com	e-mail sciencem...@upi.com	for example , a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting must be dry - it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip - while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#lggobproj	http://i.imgur.com/s2md2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/t2zff.jpg http://i.imgur.com/xytex.jpg i took some photos of my model girlfriend with my nikon d7000 ( see links above ) .	prearranged about 18 months in advance as the cruise lines sell segments all along the way i.e transatlantic to london ( england ) , england to barcelona ( spain ) , barcelona to alexandria ( egypt ) , egypt to india via suez canal etc .	i melt brass and cast it http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm	http://www.mikegigi.com/techspec.htm#selctemp	i use propane with a blower and a burner i built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm	http://www.goldentriangleindia.com/delhi/hotels-in-delhi.html	[ http://seattlepi.nwsource.com/national/apmideast_story.asp?category=1107&slug=palestinians%20abbas ]	normally this author is semi-objective ( what blogger is ) but on the seattlepi.com ( see source link ) palestinian leader mahmoud abbas has demanded that israel leave all the land that it occupies before the 1967 border ( which includes east jerusalem by the way ) .	i.e .	email : " engin i. erdem " < erdemen...@gmail.com >
erdem	email : " engin i. erdem " < erdemen...@gmail.com >
erdemen...@gmail.com	email : " engin i. erdem " < erdemen...@gmail.com >
worldwatch	* worldwatch projects catastrophe will be most costly weather - related disaster in history *	the overwhelming human and financial impacts of hurricane katrina are powerful evidence that political and economic decisions made in the united states and other countries have failed to account for our dependence on a healthy resource base , according to an assessment released today by the worldwatch institute .
abnormally	alteration of the mississippi river and the destruction of wetlands at its mouth have left the area around new orleans abnormally vulnerable to the forces of nature .
http://reflectioncafe.blogspot.com/2005/09/unnatural-disasterthe-less...	http://reflectioncafe.blogspot.com/2005/09/unnatural-disasterthe-less...
n3td3v	email : n3td3v < xploita...@gmail.com >	n3td3v saw this story on bbc news online and thought you should see it .
xploita...@gmail.com	email : n3td3v < xploita...@gmail.com >
defies	** google defies us over search data **
http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/em/fr/-/1/hi/technology/4630694.stm	< http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/em/fr/-/1/hi/technology/4630694.stm >
http://www.bbc.co.uk/dailyemail/	< http://www.bbc.co.uk/dailyemail/ >
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/help/4162471.stm	http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/help/4162471.stm
http://www.reuters.co.uk/newspackagearticle.jhtml?type=worldnews&storyid=624569&section=news	[ http://www.reuters.co.uk/newspackagearticle.jhtml?type=worldnews&storyid=624569&section=news ]
apec	bush is in santiago for the annual asia - pacific economic cooperation ( apec ) leaders meeting .
11/20/2004	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 11/20/2004 03:10:35 pm
03:10:35	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 11/20/2004 03:10:35 pm
blackbayou	email : blackbayou < blackba...@excite.com >
blackba...@excite.com	email : blackbayou < blackba...@excite.com >
lyme	i have chronic lyme disease , so i 'm stuck at home .
animations	i started collecting animations & jokes just to help with my boredom and depression .	i enjoyed the animations and wanted to share them with my friends .
http://www.myshutter.com/flash.htm	http://www.myshutter.com/flash.htm our collection of comedy
http://www.myshutter.com	http://www.myshutter.com/flash.htm our collection of comedy	http://www.myshutter.com before becoming disabled , i was an avid amateur photographer .. come and visit and sign our guestbook
guestbook	http://www.myshutter.com before becoming disabled , i was an avid amateur photographer .. come and visit and sign our guestbook
-----=	-----= posted via newsfeeds.com , uncensored usenet news =-----	-----== over 100,000 newsgroups - 19 different servers ! =-----
newsfeeds.com	-----= posted via newsfeeds.com , uncensored usenet news =-----
=-----	-----= posted via newsfeeds.com , uncensored usenet news =-----	-----== over 100,000 newsgroups - 19 different servers ! =-----
http://www.newsfeeds.com	http://www.newsfeeds.com - the # 1 newsgroup service in the world !
-----==	-----== over 100,000 newsgroups - 19 different servers ! =-----
handcrafted	handcrafted furry animals wholesale , call for a catalog now !
732-657-3416	732-657-3416	732-657-3416	animals r us.net bill schmidt animalsr...@aol.com 732-657-3416 1027 jolson court manchester , n.j. 08759
figurines	has life like animal wholesale figurines made from rabbit and goat fur , feathers and sheep s wool .
collectables	people love to buy these cute cuddly little animals for gifts and collectables .
accecpt	we accecpt : visa , mastercard , amex , dinner s club / carte blanche , & personal checks / money orders .
mastercard	we accecpt : visa , mastercard , amex , dinner s club / carte blanche , & personal checks / money orders .
amex	we accecpt : visa , mastercard , amex , dinner s club / carte blanche , & personal checks / money orders .
carte	legal - bob carter , travis mccullough , lisa mellencamp , shelia tweed , richard sanders , michelle cash	by graydon carter ( excepted from " what we 've lost " , published by little brown )	but for those of you tempted in that direction , please look up carter 's tabas operation .	we accecpt : visa , mastercard , amex , dinner s club / carte blanche , & personal checks / money orders .
us.net	animals r us.net bill schmidt animalsr...@aol.com 732-657-3416 1027 jolson court manchester , n.j. 08759
animalsr...@aol.com	animals r us.net bill schmidt animalsr...@aol.com 732-657-3416 1027 jolson court manchester , n.j. 08759
1027	animals r us.net bill schmidt animalsr...@aol.com 732-657-3416 1027 jolson court manchester , n.j. 08759
jolson	animals r us.net bill schmidt animalsr...@aol.com 732-657-3416 1027 jolson court manchester , n.j. 08759
n.j.	animals r us.net bill schmidt animalsr...@aol.com 732-657-3416 1027 jolson court manchester , n.j. 08759
08759	animals r us.net bill schmidt animalsr...@aol.com 732-657-3416 1027 jolson court manchester , n.j. 08759
cubes	wei 's magic cubes
ligang	wei ligang , a rising star of modern art in china , just had an exhibition in mid-july , 2005 in hong kong .
lecturing	he is now lecturing in usa .
calligraphy	his art perfectly combines painting and chinese calligraphy .	he is regarded as one of the leading avant - garde artist of modern calligraphy .
barrass	" wei has given some virtuoso performances with brush and ink , often incorporating several different techniques into a single work , " said gordon s. barrass , curator of the exhibition .
ingeniously	in the world of " wei 's magic cubes , " all seem to be ingeniously planned and tricky .
logician	in wei 's art , a logician could see mathematical logic , a cellist could see a ripple of nine bass notes , a country girl could see straw , and harry potter could see two accompanied green blazes .
cellist	in wei 's art , a logician could see mathematical logic , a cellist could see a ripple of nine bass notes , a country girl could see straw , and harry potter could see two accompanied green blazes .
blazes	in wei 's art , a logician could see mathematical logic , a cellist could see a ripple of nine bass notes , a country girl could see straw , and harry potter could see two accompanied green blazes .
http://news.zdnet.co.uk/internet/0,39020369,39187928,00.htm	[ http://news.zdnet.co.uk/internet/0,39020369,39187928,00.htm ]
wiki	( do n't wish to use wikipedia again , it 's just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information . )	wiki media foundation , the group behind the wikipedia online encyclopedia project , said friday that search giant google has volunteered to host some of its content on company servers .	" while we do n't have anything specific to announce today , google and the wikimedia foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support wikipedia.org and its community . "
zd	( zd net )
encarta	google is probably making this move to counter microsoft search using encarta ( it's online dictionary ) .
wikimedia	" while we do n't have anything specific to announce today , google and the wikimedia foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support wikipedia.org and its community . "
collaboratively	" while we do n't have anything specific to announce today , google and the wikimedia foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support wikipedia.org and its community . "
wikipedia.org	" while we do n't have anything specific to announce today , google and the wikimedia foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support wikipedia.org and its community . "
slay	it will be interesting to see whether or not google will finally slay the microsoft goliath , who has known no major defeat and seeks to vanquish all competition .	different generations , the donatello is of a boy david as a young sheep herder , the michelangelo is the grown up man david as slayer and king
goliath	it will be interesting to see whether or not google will finally slay the microsoft goliath , who has known no major defeat and seeks to vanquish all competition .
vanquish	it will be interesting to see whether or not google will finally slay the microsoft goliath , who has known no major defeat and seeks to vanquish all competition .
2/14/2005	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/14/2005 07:03:00 pm
07:03:00	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/14/2005 07:03:00 pm
ruth.penyc...@bbc.co.uk	email : " ruth " < ruth.penyc...@bbc.co.uk >
closures	i 'm getting in touch because i think it could be useful to people campaigning about hospital closures .	we 've got a page dedicated to issues around hospitals ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/dna/actionnetwork/c55153 ) and a group called nhs sos have already put up a campaign about ward closures in cumbria .
http://www.bbc.co.uk/dna/actionnetwork/c55153	we 've got a page dedicated to issues around hospitals ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/dna/actionnetwork/c55153 ) and a group called nhs sos have already put up a campaign about ward closures in cumbria .
sos	we 've got a page dedicated to issues around hospitals ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/dna/actionnetwork/c55153 ) and a group called nhs sos have already put up a campaign about ward closures in cumbria .
campaigners	i 'm hoping to build this up to be a hub for all the campaigners - a place where people can exchange ideas and advice .
penycate	ruth penycate www.bbc.co.uk/actionnetwork
www.bbc.co.uk/actionnetwork	ruth penycate www.bbc.co.uk/actionnetwork
timid	you should n't ask this question it 's intimidating , if i tell you what people knows about philippines you will blush , thank god many thinks i 'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself , the way i talk and treat people , and the way i dress , so if you do n't want nasty , insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius , caloy , gro science , and irene .	in a timid voice , he says : " if an airplane carrying winston peters was blown up by a bomb , that would be a tragedy " .
http://www.space.com/astronotes/astronotes.html	[ http://www.space.com/astronotes/astronotes.html ]
space.com	photo from space.com	( space.com )	( space.com )
visualizing	it looks like the lunar transportation systems , inc. is visualizing a " space highway " going from the moon to earth ( and back again ) .
kistler	" our new lunar transportation system utilizes a unique architecture that will establish the equivalent of a two - way highway between the earth and the moon , " kistler told space.com .	the lunar transporatation systems ( lts ) is actually being funded by two space businessmen , walter kistler and bob citron .	" we are so excited that the white house and the recent new government space policy underscores the need to involve the private sector in assisting nasa develop its plans for the new vision for space exploration , " said walter kistler , lts co-founder and chairman .
transporatation	the lunar transporatation systems ( lts ) is actually being funded by two space businessmen , walter kistler and bob citron .
lts	the lunar transporatation systems ( lts ) is actually being funded by two space businessmen , walter kistler and bob citron .	they want to use lts to tie into nasa 's vision for space exploration , and seem pleased that the white house is moving in that direction .	" we are so excited that the white house and the recent new government space policy underscores the need to involve the private sector in assisting nasa develop its plans for the new vision for space exploration , " said walter kistler , lts co-founder and chairman .
citron	the lunar transporatation systems ( lts ) is actually being funded by two space businessmen , walter kistler and bob citron .
spacehab	both of these men are heavily involved in the private sector of the space industry , and both are also involved with another space company called spacehab .
underscores	" we are so excited that the white house and the recent new government space policy underscores the need to involve the private sector in assisting nasa develop its plans for the new vision for space exploration , " said walter kistler , lts co-founder and chairman .
co-founder	" we are so excited that the white house and the recent new government space policy underscores the need to involve the private sector in assisting nasa develop its plans for the new vision for space exploration , " said walter kistler , lts co-founder and chairman .
2/15/2005	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/15/2005 05:12:00 pm
05:12:00	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 2/15/2005 05:12:00 pm
http://www.space.com/missionlaunches/ft_050829_ksc_spacefuture.html	[ http://www.space.com/missionlaunches/ft_050829_ksc_spacefuture.html ]
landers	lunar landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be lofted by gargantuan launchers as big as the apollo - era saturn 5 , the most powerful rockets ever flown .
lofted	lunar landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be lofted by gargantuan launchers as big as the apollo - era saturn 5 , the most powerful rockets ever flown .
gargantuan	lunar landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be lofted by gargantuan launchers as big as the apollo - era saturn 5 , the most powerful rockets ever flown .
transitioning	it looks as if nasa is transitioning away from the shuttle model , as in the past they have proven to be quite dangerous as columbia has recently proved .
boosters	" nasa will initiate development of a crew launch vehicle derived from space shuttle solid rocket boosters with a new upper stage for human spaceflight , " said the letter , signed by nasa administrator mike griffin and the pentagon 's top space official , ex-astronaut ron sega ...	" nasa then plans to develop a new 100 - metric - ton - class launch vehicle derived from existing capabilities with the space shuttle external tanks and solid rocket boosters for future missions to the moon , " the letter said .
ex-astronaut	" nasa will initiate development of a crew launch vehicle derived from space shuttle solid rocket boosters with a new upper stage for human spaceflight , " said the letter , signed by nasa administrator mike griffin and the pentagon 's top space official , ex-astronaut ron sega ...
forecasters	nasa is planning on using these new shuttles to replace the current models , with industry forecasters predicting a launch as early as 2014 .
revisiting	launching this way will hopefully avoid future disasters , giving more support towards nasa revisiting the stars .
8/30/2005	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 8/30/2005 09:36:00 pm
09:36:00	posted by hidden nook to hidden nook at 8/30/2005 09:36:00 pm
image001.jpg	image001.jpg
------	---------	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->	>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----	-----------------------------------------------	---------------------------	-------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	-----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	-------------------------------------------------------------------	----------------------------------------------------------------------	---------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------------	--------------------------------------------------	------------------------------------------------	------------------------------	------	------	------	------	------	------	------	------	------
flattered	i had a rose named after me and i was very flattered .
borge	- victor borge
groucho	- groucho marx
impediment	my wife has a slight impediment in her speech .
durante	- jimmy durante
zsa	- zsa zsa gabor
gabor	- zsa zsa gabor
caffeine	only irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups : alcohol , caffeine , sugar and fat .
namath	- joe namath
asquith	- herbert henry asquith
diller	- phyllis diller
spam	tired of spam ?	yahoo! mail has the best spam protection around
image_jpg_part	image_jpg_part
upping	which wonderful contact of mine is thumbs upping all my best answers ^^ ?
bogs	mountains , cliffs , peat bogs , valleys
93.5	do you know the online streaming link for red fm 93.5 delhi ?
kolkatta	how fare of kolkatta ?	kolkatta is an indian state .
roflmao	roflmao
memberservices@worldresortsinternational.com	e-mail : memberservices@worldresortsinternational.com
uecker	who is artist gunther uecker ; explain ?	http://www.kettererkunst.com/bio/guntheruecker-1930.shtml
http://www.kettererkunst.com/bio/guntheruecker-1930.shtml	http://www.kettererkunst.com/bio/guntheruecker-1930.shtml
http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&rlz=1g1gglq_enus359&q=gunther+uecker+biography&gs_sm=c&gs_upl=484l484l0l5093l1l1l0l0l0l0l328l328l3-1l1l0&um=1&ie=utf-8&tbm=isch&source=og&sa=n&tab=wi&biw=1221&bih=756&sei=xvg5tqrrgoxk2axg0ry-bw#um=1&hl=en&rlz=1g1gglq_enus359&tbm=isch&sa=1&q=gunther+uecker+artist&pbx=1&oq=gunther+uecker+&aq=1s&aqi=g1g-s3&aql=&gs_sm=c&gs_upl=10219l10219l0l13797l1l1l0l0l0l0l125l125l0.1l1l0&bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.,cf.osb&fp=13ddcdc64cbf5fd&biw=1221&bih=756	http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&rlz=1g1gglq_enus359&q=gunther+uecker+biography&gs_sm=c&gs_upl=484l484l0l5093l1l1l0l0l0l0l328l328l3-1l1l0&um=1&ie=utf-8&tbm=isch&source=og&sa=n&tab=wi&biw=1221&bih=756&sei=xvg5tqrrgoxk2axg0ry-bw#um=1&hl=en&rlz=1g1gglq_enus359&tbm=isch&sa=1&q=gunther+uecker+artist&pbx=1&oq=gunther+uecker+&aq=1s&aqi=g1g-s3&aql=&gs_sm=c&gs_upl=10219l10219l0l13797l1l1l0l0l0l0l125l125l0.1l1l0&bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.,cf.osb&fp=13ddcdc64cbf5fd&biw=1221&bih=756
smashburger	which burger chain do you think is as good as in n out or better in the chicago area besides five guys and smashburger ?
bodybuilding	where to buy bodybuilding supplements in delhi ?
laxmi	kindly contact laxmi nagar zim in delhi ..
zim	ahmed al - chalabi and defense minister hazim al - sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media .	hazim al - sha'lan , by the way , is the son of the late sheikh of al - khaza'il in diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information minister , m.s. al - sahaf , in his nonsensical media statements , which can be passed as jokes .	kindly contact laxmi nagar zim in delhi ..
tremblant	weather in december in tremblant ?
varnish	jay is it necessary to varnish my oil paintings or just leave them be ?	as in the old days , varnish is often used as a protective film against years of dirt , grease , smoke , etc .
flickr.com	namsan tower : http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg	http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/	i 'm looking for websites like flickr.com tumblr.com and autocorrects.com but ones that are n't very common and have a variety of funny pictures !	http://www.flickr.com/photos/jellybeanjill13/532522805/
tumblr.com	i 'm looking for websites like flickr.com tumblr.com and autocorrects.com but ones that are n't very common and have a variety of funny pictures !
autocorrects.com	i 'm looking for websites like flickr.com tumblr.com and autocorrects.com but ones that are n't very common and have a variety of funny pictures !
ifunny.com	ifunny.com
silicone	how do you mold silicone or rubber into a mermaid tail ?
carve	carve one in your chosen medium .
locator	yes , they all have secret locator chips , just like gps
mazzoni	mazzoni 's deli best italian food in phila pa ?	is mazzoni 's deli at 3901 conshocken ave in phila pa really the best italian food in the country ???
phila	mazzoni 's deli best italian food in phila pa ?	is mazzoni 's deli at 3901 conshocken ave in phila pa really the best italian food in the country ???	what is the best pos system i can buy in philadelphia pa ?
3901	is mazzoni 's deli at 3901 conshocken ave in phila pa really the best italian food in the country ???
conshocken	is mazzoni 's deli at 3901 conshocken ave in phila pa really the best italian food in the country ???
pricier	it 's okay if it 's a little pricier .
rumba	rumba room
cowardly	courage the cowardly dog ?	link to video : http://www.livevideo.com/video/c8f5bbec570c4a4dbc326f694d79942a/courage-the-cowardly-dog-so-.aspx
diffrent	in the episode " so in louvre are we two " , how many diffrent painting / scupltures are their and who are the artists ?
scupltures	in the episode " so in louvre are we two " , how many diffrent painting / scupltures are their and who are the artists ?
http://www.livevideo.com/video/c8f5bbec570c4a4dbc326f694d79942a/courage-the-cowardly-dog-so-.aspx	link to video : http://www.livevideo.com/video/c8f5bbec570c4a4dbc326f694d79942a/courage-the-cowardly-dog-so-.aspx
kabob	meat kabob
;d	all of those ;d
bothers	how come no one bothers to ask any questions in this section ?
preferential	plus you land in a preferential terminal ...
ringnecks	what 's the difference between indian and african ringnecks and alexandrine parrots ? ?
alexandrine	what 's the difference between indian and african ringnecks and alexandrine parrots ? ?
parrots	what 's the difference between indian and african ringnecks and alexandrine parrots ? ?
ringneck	what 's the difference between indian and african ringnecks and alexandrine parrots ? ?	i was fixing to buy an indian ringneck , did a bunch of research , ( i 'm a very experienced bird owner , macaws , cockatoos , amazons ) ,
macaws	i was fixing to buy an indian ringneck , did a bunch of research , ( i 'm a very experienced bird owner , macaws , cockatoos , amazons ) ,
cockatoos	i was fixing to buy an indian ringneck , did a bunch of research , ( i 'm a very experienced bird owner , macaws , cockatoos , amazons ) ,
amazons	i was fixing to buy an indian ringneck , did a bunch of research , ( i 'm a very experienced bird owner , macaws , cockatoos , amazons ) ,
gamestop	if i preorder a game at gamestop can someone else pick it up for me ?	no they wo nt be able to some gamestops do nt check id for the pre-order so some ppl can get away with doing this but a lot of store want to see your id and / or your reciept of the pre-order
gamestops	no they wo nt be able to some gamestops do nt check id for the pre-order so some ppl can get away with doing this but a lot of store want to see your id and / or your reciept of the pre-order
pre-order	no they wo nt be able to some gamestops do nt check id for the pre-order so some ppl can get away with doing this but a lot of store want to see your id and / or your reciept of the pre-order
reciept	no they wo nt be able to some gamestops do nt check id for the pre-order so some ppl can get away with doing this but a lot of store want to see your id and / or your reciept of the pre-order
wendi	wendi has worked for them have a look at her blog .
http://www.prosperitypos.com?p=ya	http://www.prosperitypos.com?p=ya
jvc	i 've been looking at the bose sound dock 10 i ve currently got a jvc mini hifi system , i was wondering what would be a good set of speakers .
hifi	al - zaman : the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .	the debaathification commission had been pushed by ahmad chalabi and his iraqi national congress very hard , and had pushed many sunni arabs into the arms of the guerrillas .	i 've been looking at the bose sound dock 10 i ve currently got a jvc mini hifi system , i was wondering what would be a good set of speakers .
usps	usps delivery in auckland , nz ?	they have been shipped using usps priority mail international parcels .
headfones	i have ordered bose headfones worth 300 usd .
yup	yup .
resturants	24 hour fast resturants near by ?
mc.	well there s mc. donald s , taco bell , burger king .....
portillo	portillo 's or white castle ! :d
nzers	nzers : have you decided who you 're going to vote for ?
pre-university	if i went into the " pre-university " direction with business administration in mind .
http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=backdrop+frame&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&aq=t&rls=org.mozilla:en-us:official&client=firefox-a&safe=active&sout=1	http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=backdrop+frame&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&aq=t&rls=org.mozilla:en-us:official&client=firefox-a&safe=active&sout=1
norweigan	out of carnival , royal caribbean , and norweigan ( cruises ) which is the best and why ?
ncl	the new ncl epic does sound amazing , although i have n't sailed on her yet .	ncl is a notch below either , in terms of quality and service .
evo	i have the htc evo .
http://www.small-business-software.net/look-at-slogans.htm	a look at slogans - http://www.small-business-software.net/look-at-slogans.htm
http://www.small-business-software.net/unique-selling-proposition.htm	unique selling proposition - http://www.small-business-software.net/unique-selling-proposition.htm
upload	it 's also got the website where the song has been uploaded .	** and i can upload my pictures and videos on the computer ( facebook )
wx10	have a look at sony wx10
postor	what are some cool ideas for making a postor usint the word mad on a white paper in a weird or artsy way ?
usint	what are some cool ideas for making a postor usint the word mad on a white paper in a weird or artsy way ?
artsy	what are some cool ideas for making a postor usint the word mad on a white paper in a weird or artsy way ?
gorrilla	mad means crazy , or angry , so you do a lot with it , i would put a gorrilla screaming , just the face , and just throw in a lot of brushes fifferent colors , make it look artistic .
fifferent	mad means crazy , or angry , so you do a lot with it , i would put a gorrilla screaming , just the face , and just throw in a lot of brushes fifferent colors , make it look artistic .
tttthhhhh	tttthhhhh madonna !
ww	e.t. grether professor of business administration and public policy director haas school of business u.c. energy institute university of california 2539 channing way berkeley , ca 94720-1900 berkeley , ca 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste	there has been a large asian presence in the sf bay area for a long time -- the chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of china , there were lots of japanese who 'd been displaced during wwii .	www - wonderful wild wildernest inn	when the french returned to indochina at the end of ww ii the viet minh were in control of the red river delta .
retook	they chased the communists out of the capital ( hanoi ) and retook control .
pacman	does a pacman absolutely need a uv lamp ?	i assume you are talking about a pacman frog .	a pacman frog will need a heat source that creates a basking temp in the upper 80's f for at least 10 - 12 hours a day .
sanfranguide.com	try sanfranguide.com
lhasa	my lhasa apso hind legs are not working ?
apso	my lhasa apso hind legs are not working ?
ad=nd	just pray for her ad=nd try to hlep your dog and do some physical therapy on the hind legs and take her to the vet and ig it costs a whole lot ask hlep from you friends and family adn since she s not eating feed her by hand
hlep	just pray for her ad=nd try to hlep your dog and do some physical therapy on the hind legs and take her to the vet and ig it costs a whole lot ask hlep from you friends and family adn since she s not eating feed her by hand
ig	the moi in iraq is equivalent to the us fbi , so this would be like having j. edgar hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	the police commander of ninevah province announced that bombings had declined 80 percent in mosul , whereas there had been a big jump in the number of kidnappings .	al - zaman : the iraqi high electoral commission on friday denied a request of the debaathification commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .	but in my view it is highly significant .	if he or she did not , then they should have all the same rights as other iraqis .	in baghdad the fighting still continues in several areas , mostly in sadr city and adhamiya .	baghdadis do n't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more , you never know where you might get stuck .	there has been talk that the night curfew might be implemented again .	my neighbourhood has been surrounded by american troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .	and there is nothing we can do about it really , people who are suggesting that we go out and fight them are living in dream land .	even the ip and icdc have abandoned the neighbourhood , and those are trained and armed , so do n't expect scared civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a helicopter or a tank does n't bomb them , and also how are american soldiers going to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians from the fedayeen ?	there are rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against banks , governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last april , and i have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about it and saying things like " this time we will be the first to loot , we did n't get anything the last time " .	someone who called himself abu hafs from the ibn al - khattab brigades ( another new group ) was on al - jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the marines and he sweared that american soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents .	azzaman newspaper mentioned an announcement signed by abdul aziz bin muqrin , an al - qaeda operative in saudi arabia on an islamic website ' the voice of jihad ' , in which he stated that " although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in islam , but in this case it is allowed if muslims use it against infidels to deter them from committing criminal actions " .	this is not a post about fault - finding or assigning blame .	there was a soothing authoritative unscear ( united nations scientific committee on the effects of atomic radiation ) report in 2000 on the health effects of chernobyl confirming that there was no scientific evidence of any significant radiation - related health effects to most people exposed .	one of the most widespread myths of recent times is that the chernobyl nuclear reactor accident in 1986 caused many thousands of extra cancer deaths in neighbouring regions , and that public health has been severely affected by exposure to radiation .	in the last decade , there has been a real and significant increase in childhood and , to a certain extent , adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions of the former soviet union ( wi940 ) which should be attributed to the chernobyl accident until proven otherwise .	the prestigious iaea ( international atomic energy agency ) published an early report on chernobyl which was based on information from russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	http://digon_va.tripod.com/chernobyl.htm	the tape was a way to signal priorities .	his military intelligence has captured major figures like abu zubayda and khalid shaykh muhammad , as well as nearly 500 other al - qaeda operatives , over 400 of whom the pakistanis have turned over to the us .	musharraf held elections in october of 2002 , in which center - right parties did well , but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party coalition , mma .	if al - qaeda can kill musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by islamist junior officers , they can hope to catapult the mma to power as political allies and hosts .	all this is highly unlikely , as with most al - qaeda crackpot schemes .	3 ) make iraq another afghanistan , using the republican right 's own tactics against them .	by moving quickly to iraqi sovereignty and improvement of iraqi lives , the us may be able to get iraqis on its side , so that they turn in the foreigners .	and , he did n't think he needed to know anything about south asia , with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the us .	another answer is that edwards certainly knows far more about foreign affairs now than bush did then .	indeed , given how bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the us , one might well argue that edwards knows more now than bush does .	this is what edwards ' campaign literature said about his positions : " edwards believes that the u.s. must be an active leader to help resolve conflicts , from reducing tensions between india and pakistan to the peace process in northern ireland .	the biggest threat israel faces is not from conventional armies but from the asymmetrical tactics of palestinian national liberation movements .
andiamo	how much would it cost for me to take me and three friends to andiamo s restaurant for dinner ?
http://sanfranguide.com/restaurants/	http://sanfranguide.com/restaurants/
hakka	well since i do nt know your budget , i recommend hakka restaurant for chinese food
yelp.com	try yelp.com
ounces	in fact every once in a while he seems to get ill in one way or another ; and then he bounces back like nothing has happened .	how many ounces in a pint in ireland ?	if you mean fluid ounces , 20 , as opposed to the 16 in america .	20 fluid ounces in a pint in ireland
pints	ounces measure weight , pints measure volume .	know this well because i remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .
advertise	700 f jobs are n't advertised .	the moving company is actualy based in brooklyn , but advertised all over ny / nj , including fort lee .	know this well because i remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .
iraland	i love the script and know the re from iraland .
pleasseee	i would like more bands like them pleasseee
fiasco	well if you are interested , i suggest you have a look at general fiasco , two door cinema club and wallis bird .
raincoat	i 'm going on a trip to europe soon , and i need to find a good , quality raincoat .	they do some good waterproof raincoats
debenhams	look on the debenhams website	http://www.debenhams.com/women/craghoppers#catalogid=10001&lid=//productsuniverse/en_gb/product_online0y/categories%3c0productsuniverse_186610/brand_description0.000000e+000craghoppers0/categories%3c0productsuniverse_18661_186820&ps=default&sfn=categories&sfv=coats+%26amp0+jackets&storeid=10001
craghoppers	in the craghoppers section	http://www.debenhams.com/women/craghoppers#catalogid=10001&lid=//productsuniverse/en_gb/product_online0y/categories%3c0productsuniverse_186610/brand_description0.000000e+000craghoppers0/categories%3c0productsuniverse_18661_186820&ps=default&sfn=categories&sfv=coats+%26amp0+jackets&storeid=10001
raincoats	they do some good waterproof raincoats
http://www.debenhams.com/women/craghoppers#catalogid=10001&lid=//productsuniverse/en_gb/product_online0y/categories%3c0productsuniverse_186610/brand_description0.000000e+000craghoppers0/categories%3c0productsuniverse_18661_186820&ps=default&sfn=categories&sfv=coats+%26amp0+jackets&storeid=10001	http://www.debenhams.com/women/craghoppers#catalogid=10001&lid=//productsuniverse/en_gb/product_online0y/categories%3c0productsuniverse_186610/brand_description0.000000e+000craghoppers0/categories%3c0productsuniverse_18661_186820&ps=default&sfn=categories&sfv=coats+%26amp0+jackets&storeid=10001
kodak	i have a kodak camera ( 10.2 megapixels ) ... kodak af 5x optical lens ... how do i pause it while recording ?	i have a kodak camera ( 10.2 megapixels ) ... kodak af 5x optical lens ... how do i pause it while recording ?
10.2	i have a kodak camera ( 10.2 megapixels ) ... kodak af 5x optical lens ... how do i pause it while recording ?	i have a kodak camera ( 10.2 megapixels ) ... kodak af 5x optical lens ... how do i pause it while recording ?
megapixels	i have a kodak camera ( 10.2 megapixels ) ... kodak af 5x optical lens ... how do i pause it while recording ?	i have a kodak camera ( 10.2 megapixels ) ... kodak af 5x optical lens ... how do i pause it while recording ?
5x	i have a kodak camera ( 10.2 megapixels ) ... kodak af 5x optical lens ... how do i pause it while recording ?	i have a kodak camera ( 10.2 megapixels ) ... kodak af 5x optical lens ... how do i pause it while recording ?
nacho	i have a nacho libre question .?	nacho libre is suppose to be inspired in mexicans , not in argentineans .
critisize	i know it s in the wrong catagory , but still , i wrote this question for a reason , not for you to critisize me .
mexicans	nacho libre is suppose to be inspired in mexicans , not in argentineans .
argentineans	nacho libre is suppose to be inspired in mexicans , not in argentineans .
sundae	is there any good places to get an ice - cream sundae from in invercargill new zealand ?	so i live in invercargill new zealand and i want to know if there are any good places to buy an ice - cream sundae from other than mc donald s lol
invercargill	is there any good places to get an ice - cream sundae from in invercargill new zealand ?	so i live in invercargill new zealand and i want to know if there are any good places to buy an ice - cream sundae from other than mc donald s lol
dairies	fast food chains , supermarkets , dairies
bl**dy	any ice cream in nz no matter where as new zealand has the best bl**dy ice cream in the world i was in nz for a few weeks had some ice cream and really enjoyed it i will go back just to eat some ice cream
fudrucker	fudrucker s .
http://www.hackneys.net/	http://www.hackneys.net/
http://www.hackneysprintersrow.net/	http://www.hackneysprintersrow.net/
glenview	see what dd & d showed at the original place on harms rd in glenview :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2ldf0xu3ni	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2ldf0xu3ni
1/2	asia times online 16/11/2004	michael mcdermott < michael.mcdermott@spectrongroup.com > on 06/01/2000 06:00:56 am	chris.germany@enron.com on 01/25/2002 03:13:58 pm	03/01/2001 01:35 pm	08/01/2001 09:14 am	11/29/2000 05:07 pm	|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->	11/29/2000 04:49 pm	attached are the gcp signoffs on eol approvals for 11/29/00 with gcp responses marked in red .	11/29/2000 04:31 pm	11/22/2000 06:05 am	10/31/2000 03:48 pm	the call - in number and instructions for the 11/2 8:30 a.m. meeting are as follows :	01/11/2001 02:42 pm	05/01/2001 03:48 pm	stephen.dyer@bakerbotts.com on 05/01/2001 08:50:01 pm	03/21/2001 01:58 pm	03/21/2001 01:58 pm	12/21/2000 07:50 pm	01/26/2001 12:48 pm	01/25/2001 09:40 am	01/24/2001 01:02 pm	01/26/2001 09:37 am	01/26/2001 11:57 am	01/26/2001 11:36 am	01/26/2001 10:51 am	01/24/2001 11:42 am	01/25/2001 02:02 am	25/01/2001 00:20	05/31/2001 09:01 am	06/01/2001 03:20 pm	06/01/2001 03:20 pm
http://www.flickr.com/photos/jellybeanjill13/532522805/	http://www.flickr.com/photos/jellybeanjill13/532522805/
dhirea	my dog has threw up yellow bile for two days but does not have dhirea .
donatello	i doing a research paper on donatello and i notice that there are two statues of david , a bronze one and marble one .	different generations , the donatello is of a boy david as a young sheep herder , the michelangelo is the grown up man david as slayer and king
herder	different generations , the donatello is of a boy david as a young sheep herder , the michelangelo is the grown up man david as slayer and king
disrespecting	obviously , he should have been arrested and jailed - imagine making a statue or painting on the same subject as another artist - clearly insulting and disrespecting - wasted time that could have been used making a statue with clothes on .
hibachi	name of specific hibachi restaurant in chicago ?
gimmick	they might want to change the name to reflect the new yorkedness of the pizza , scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me .	it's ' gimmick ' was that you fill your bowl cafeteria - style from raw ingredients and leave it on the counter with a chopstick listing your table number on it .
chopstick	it's ' gimmick ' was that you fill your bowl cafeteria - style from raw ingredients and leave it on the counter with a chopstick listing your table number on it .
t1i	i shoot a t1i and have n't had such an issue .
firmware	it sounds like a firmware issue and the camera requires a re-boot just like what happens in a computer - needs a re-start from time to time but it should n't be happening in a camera .
re-boot	it sounds like a firmware issue and the camera requires a re-boot just like what happens in a computer - needs a re-start from time to time but it should n't be happening in a camera .
re-start	it sounds like a firmware issue and the camera requires a re-boot just like what happens in a computer - needs a re-start from time to time but it should n't be happening in a camera .
rdu	i 'm going on a vacation to the philippines in may 2012 , and i 'm starting from raleigh , nc ( rdu airport ) .
travelocity	use travelocity or expedia and see what you come up with .
expedia	use travelocity or expedia and see what you come up with .
phils	my friend goes to the phils every 6 months or so and she has found that korean air has had the cheapest fares lately .
groupon	i do n't want to have to deal with those deal - a - day websites like groupon .	they basically buy daily deals from groupon , living social , and all sorts of other places .
zebraklub	i usually use zebraklub .	if you want to eat cheaply without worrying about all those daily deal emails every day , zebraklub should be perfect for you .
metra	may seem a little silly , but , taking a long ride on the metra system or the " l " system is a great way to see the city and sites without spending a fortune .
convo	mosques are calling for donating blood , food , and medicine for fallujah , and several convoys have already headed out for fallujah , most of them returned later though .	to make convo , it 's short , so if things go great , you can
cichlids	i was thinking cichlids ?	i 've never kept cichlids though .
saltwater	i know saltwater is a possibility , can you give me a possible stocking option for that too ?
stocking	heh , yep , i like to wear silk chemises , panties even stockings with garter belt .	i know saltwater is a possibility , can you give me a possible stocking option for that too ?	here is the stocking for my 150 gallon tank i upgraded it to 200 at the weekend because of the clownloach a 200 gallon with 6 pairs of breeding angel fish fire mouth honey gouramis 5 8 inch clownloach a krib and 5 1 inch clown loach with 16 cory cats 5 australian rainbows
clownloach	here is the stocking for my 150 gallon tank i upgraded it to 200 at the weekend because of the clownloach a 200 gallon with 6 pairs of breeding angel fish fire mouth honey gouramis 5 8 inch clownloach a krib and 5 1 inch clown loach with 16 cory cats 5 australian rainbows
gouramis	here is the stocking for my 150 gallon tank i upgraded it to 200 at the weekend because of the clownloach a 200 gallon with 6 pairs of breeding angel fish fire mouth honey gouramis 5 8 inch clownloach a krib and 5 1 inch clown loach with 16 cory cats 5 australian rainbows
krib	here is the stocking for my 150 gallon tank i upgraded it to 200 at the weekend because of the clownloach a 200 gallon with 6 pairs of breeding angel fish fire mouth honey gouramis 5 8 inch clownloach a krib and 5 1 inch clown loach with 16 cory cats 5 australian rainbows
loach	here is the stocking for my 150 gallon tank i upgraded it to 200 at the weekend because of the clownloach a 200 gallon with 6 pairs of breeding angel fish fire mouth honey gouramis 5 8 inch clownloach a krib and 5 1 inch clown loach with 16 cory cats 5 australian rainbows	if you took out the clown loach it would make a nice 150 gallon tank .
rainbows	here is the stocking for my 150 gallon tank i upgraded it to 200 at the weekend because of the clownloach a 200 gallon with 6 pairs of breeding angel fish fire mouth honey gouramis 5 8 inch clownloach a krib and 5 1 inch clown loach with 16 cory cats 5 australian rainbows
oscars	for a tank that size i would suggest oscars or piranha every time awesome fish !!
piranha	for a tank that size i would suggest oscars or piranha every time awesome fish !!
friendliest	friendliest place i have ever stayed !
bast	<< in " love 's labour 's lost " we find a character don adriana de armatho , full of affection and bombast .	a spanish refugee , antonio perez , visited england in 1593 and became acquainted with francis & anthony bacon , with whom for a time he seems to have been on terms of intimacy , which did not last very long , for the spaniard developed so much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in court circles .	the bast cab in minneapolis
gooroo	tire gooroo
bundren	david bundren is the tire gooroo .
geeksquad	they recovered the pics geeksquad deleted .
playin	2 ) target israel and encourage the worst elements of the palestinians by playing on the iron fist policies of the sharon government .	as a result of that , she has managed on several occasions over the years to detract from my enjoyment of playing trivial pursuit or watching jeopardy by absolutely obliterating me ( the girl actually did her senior thesis on trivia ) .	are we playing tomorrow at 9:30 ?	are you playing golf ?	we are only as strong as our weakest , we are only as healthy as the sickest amongst us - playing sports and being in the army taught me that lesson before i was finished being a teenager .	it 's a massive multiplayer role playing game .	1550 valdiviesco , don antonio de , bishop of nicaragua , assassinated while playing chess in his palace at leon .	1576 boi taken prisoner , but wins his freedom playing chess .	it came from liverpool , that was the port base to the titanic , destroyed by god because of the arrogant insult of captain smith ( also from liverpool ) : " not even god can sink my ship " ( not only the captain , but also the rest of the crew and even the orchestra playing at the titanic were from liverpool ) .	george harrison said in a video that " oasis is a very untalented band and they should n't be playing at all " , all of it being the truth , but the beatles is also a band of very poor musicians , if musicians at all , who could only play a couple of elementary guitar chords and who are as untalented as oasis .	and when i move it i guess he figures i 'm playing . x.x	i was playing a video game that has a m 16 vietnam model , and in the game it 's 3 - shot burst .	are my two cats fighting or playing ?	the next day i let her out of the bedroom so they could check each other out , and the kitten hissed twice within the first 20 minutes of meeting each other and now she no longer hisses and they have been playing ( chasing each other up and down the hall , rolling around on the ground and pawing at each other ) .	were they roughhouse playing ?	if they hiss , they are not playing .	if they 're going kinda slow and like fake biting ( not biting as hard as they can ) , and fake scratching ( not hitting as hard as they can with their paws ) then they 're playing .	when they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing .	i would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get ?	provided me with warm blanket and has soft music playing .	the service is solicitous , the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out - of - place flat - screen tv playing football .	the pool was supposed to close at 10 and they would have people down there until 11:45 yelling , playing music and do who - knows - what in the dark corners of the pool .	they were playing captain ahab to saddam 's great white whale .	the talk of the day besides a more level playing field with china was north korea .	one little boy stands up and offers that , " if my best friend who lives next door was playing in the street when a car came along and killed him , that would be a tragedy " .	home team - thanks 4 playin !!!	the workers sped up and down the street with no mind to the small children playing .
ceviche	best ceviche that i 'd had so far ! :)
simplz	the architecture is simplz splendid .
knifings	too many kids , too many knifings , too many taserings .
taserings	too many kids , too many knifings , too many taserings .
definetely	definetely going back
biometrics	installed biometrics and got excellent service .
vege	it is genetic and the child needs to get the gene from both parents to turn into a vegetable instead of a thinking child .	groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards	i was already a vegetarian when i read it a little more than a year ago , but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan .	mixed tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad .	$ 80 for a dish that has about one small lobster tail and is full of filler vegetables !	they always ask if you have meat in your dish , ( for vegetarians like me ) , they scrub an area of the grill and use separate utensils to cook .	the sweet potato tempura roll was actually a great surprise : cheap and delicious , the only thing we tried that i would say was well worth it and a great value ( and i never get vegetarian rolls ) .	the only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and the vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable .	the vegetarian dishes and lighter fare were almost always spot - on , while the lamb was often dry and / or overcooked .	groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.crab , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum , alt.animals.dolphins , alt.animals.eagle.bald , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.falcon	i want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables .	i want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables .	groups : alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , talk.politics.animals	remember to ask for extra vege	one of the better vegetarian sandwiches i 've had in seattle .
bogomilsky	doctor bogomilsky knows her stuff too .
vnhh	i refer to vnhh often and love you guys .
conyers	did a great job of removing my tree in conyers .
hiro	" i can only imagine that this is what hiroshima looked like 60 years ago , " said mississippi governor haley barbour after viewing the destruction from the air .	i would highly recommend landscape by hiro .
bullwark	kyle with bullwark
shree	- shree ghatkopar bhatia mitra mandal
ghatkopar	- shree ghatkopar bhatia mitra mandal
mitra	- shree ghatkopar bhatia mitra mandal
qt	close to my house , this is the only reason i would go to this particular qt .
barbers	men s and boys barbers , on the number 9 bus route .
recoment	darla is amazing , i would recoment her to anyone .
allentown	kudos to allentown post office staff	the staff in allentown are friendly , helpful and a delight to know ..
kal	according to former indian army general a s kalkat , the difficulty for kumaratunga 's government lay in the fact that the ltte had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its control .	a veteran of india 's military intervention in the jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 indo - sri lanka peace accord - which ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable ltte - kalkat said the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its military commitment .	kalkat , who currently chairs the independent us - based international council on conflict resolution , said despite the failure of the indian army to disarm or even subdue the tigers , india remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks .	" the norwegians mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the ltte is keenly aware that they do not have the power [ unlike india ] to underwrite any arrangement , " kalkat told ips in an interview .	but kalkat pointed out that india would be ill - advised to be involved again , militarily , with sri lanka if only because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic tamils in the indian state of tamil nadu - separated from sri lanka 's jaffna peninsula by the narrow palk straits .	in any case , kalkat puts it succinctly : " there can not be a military option to what is a political situation . "	the route from kalikhola in bhutan to cox 's bazar passes through northern bengal , assam and meghalaya , and on into chittagong .	i just had the best experience at this kal tire location .
craggy	hooray for craggy .
refills	how do you run a cafe , with no refills on coffee - ?
07551310002	the telephone number is incorrect - our new mobile number is 07551310002 or landline 01634 710033 .
landline	the telephone number is incorrect - our new mobile number is 07551310002 or landline 01634 710033 .
01634	the telephone number is incorrect - our new mobile number is 07551310002 or landline 01634 710033 .
710033	the telephone number is incorrect - our new mobile number is 07551310002 or landline 01634 710033 .
movers	i like i move ca - los angeles movers , they moved me before , but this time they were awesome :)
noonan	there is no lower rating for noonan 's liquor , owners and employees .
sardine	worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the rudest person i have ever met .
untrustworthy	rude and untrustworthy
neanderthal	these guys took customer service 101 from a neanderthal .
inford	inford media
relish	relish
sandwicheering	the best darlington has to offer in contemporary sandwicheering .
reiew	ipad reiew
orthodontics	they are the best orthodontics in the world .
pom	{ lucio : does bridget paint still , pompey , ha ?	i took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked pomper for my money back .	pam the pom
breathtaking	breathtaking views and fabulous accommodation .
politeness	they treat there employees with respect and concern and expect that they will extend the same politeness to there customers .
rohatgi	i gave dr. rohatgi 2 stars because her assistant was very pleasant .
spendy	pretty spendy for really not great quality
mones	i worked with sam mones who took great care of me .
orginizied	the company gets busy but you never have to wait long because they are orginizied , so you are in , out , and paid well for your scrap
avvo	the only 10.0 " perfect score " avvo rated attorney i have ever met .
gribow	i highly recommend , the law offices of dale gribow !!
wornderful	if you want the best for your child , do n't hesitate in visiting this wornderful school .
tolchin	mrs. tolchin provided us with excellent service and came with a great deal of knowledge and professionalism !
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	the teaching there sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	so go and get dancing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	the teaching there sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	all of the teachers there are so mean they get mad at you for nothing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
qualitech	we have tried many different computer people until now - we will stick with qualitech computers !!!
mystified	it 's a fine place , i 'm just a little mystified about the michelin star .
michelin	it 's a fine place , i 'm just a little mystified about the michelin star .
exelent	exelent job
prego	an hour of prego bliss !
tummy	i schedule my weekly appointment here just to get a chance to lie comfortably on my tummy .
massages	and the massages are heavenly !
grocer	i feel like shit for saying that but after what they have done already i wo nt be buying grocerys for the next few weeks .	they also have the best tea i ever had , not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores , i stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .	to my surprise $ 20 deposit .... new movies not on shelf .. under the counter for telugu speaking people only ... or people who spend $ 30 or more groceries ..	being a grocery shop , maintaining 5000 different products was a challenging job .	old time grocery , best steaks i have ever had !	no need to go to a grocer again .
dryers	compact 's corona dryers remove at least twice as much water as the previous dryers , allowing a production increase of over 10 % and a significant energy saving .
visted	we would like to thank our emergency plumbers who visted our shop in morningside road today .
morningside	we would like to thank our emergency plumbers who visted our shop in morningside road today .
2scompany	many thanks 2scompany ...
unic	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	notice regarding privacy and confidentiality : painewebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	juan communicated some numbers to me and when reviewing this request would like to ask you to consider the following :	this entity was created in 2000 for the acquistion of warpspeed communications ( now enron warpspeed services , inc. 83n ) , and then dissolved upon completion of merger .	off and on ( with jackie gentle 's help ) i have pulled together a one page communication note on our fundamental operating standards ( itself a one page summary ) .	we now have a settlement before the commission that includes ratepayer advocates , commercial and industrial customers , electric generators , marketers , shippers , independent storage providers ,? gas suppliers ,? producers , utilities , aggregators , pipeline companies , wholesale customers , municipalities , and retail mass marketers , among others .?	i communicated that to bob bowen .	james had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality agreement -- i guess between ecs and transwestern -- that would permit ecs to communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from cdec .	as it stands , mkm and i will probably bring it up with sommer in ok city and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers .	we have been successful in communicating that information to the new commissioners and ercot and seeking resolution .	in that respect , we need to dial in rick johnson and olgletree to plan and communicate that plan to the execution team .	note that this communication is confidential , covered by ca 's settlement rules .	if the reader of this message is not the intended recipient , or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited .	if you have received this communication in error , please immediately notify us by telephone ( 713-546-5000 ) , and destroy the original message .	the town 's death toll may be " in the hundreds " , municipal spokesman vincent creel said .	is there any other way to communicate or do your friends only understand text .	tds meters ( the thrifty aquarist 's hardness meter can be used if one has seen one of your municipal water department 's annual reports .	from the amount of time spent with us to explain things during the initial quote , to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself .	they have absolutely no communication skills whatsoever .	terrible communication as well .	i began seeing dr. romanick back in 2000 and have seen a significant decline in the quality of care , patient - doctor communication , and just the overall level of services .	finally , it must be said that stuart is a fantastic person to work with , because of his solid strategies and equally as importantly because he is a genuinely good person and a great communicator .	point is : you might be able to get a good deal on some nice furniture -- which i did -- but they 're not very communicative and god forbid something goes wrong , you 'll have to fight to get it resolved .	service was average , but nothing special , and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly , not merely capable .	no communications nothing .	this transmittal and / or attachments may be a confidential attorney - client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential .	" ... there is no companion quite so devoted , so communicative , so loving and so mesmerizing as a rat . "	beautiful work , fast shipping and great communication .	a well communicated and will be hireing again for another projects ......	currently we have a blank " sample " for our paragraph 13s which are attached to our sample isdas for ( a ) us corporate , ( b ) hedge funds , ( c ) municipal .	" ... there is no companion quite so devoted , so communicative , so loving and so mesmerizing as a rat . "
thali	their thali was not brought out as described ( no saag ) .
saag	their thali was not brought out as described ( no saag ) .
surviellance	these guys really know their stuff .. they have almost anything you could want in terms of spy and surviellance equipment .
limos	great limos company int he dfw fort worth metro area .
dfw	great limos company int he dfw fort worth metro area .
specialize	and from a place that specializes in high quality meat , too .	they specialize in financial institutions , medical , and retail projects .
recwarehouse.com	if you check recwarehouse.com , they do n't list this as a location .
mfj	mfj inc transformed our run down back yard into a place of beauty .
landscaper	highly recommended landscaper !!!
kebab	this kebab shop is one of the best around the meat is good and fresh and the chilly sauce is the best , keep them lovely kebabs coming and a happy new year to all the staff
kebabs	this kebab shop is one of the best around the meat is good and fresh and the chilly sauce is the best , keep them lovely kebabs coming and a happy new year to all the staff
bisconti	bisconti wanted over $ 300 to fix my laptop and these guys fixed it for $ 90 !
plucker	i was very upset when i went to mother plucker , they had no feathers and the quality is terrible .
pozza	we have utilized mr. pozza and his firm twice now in our family and both times have been very pleased .
miata	i have use them four times for fixing items from pushing out a dent in a bumper to fixing the fender on my beloved miata .
jukebox	do n't waste your money on the jukebox
douchebag	the bartender is a douchebag and he has a little console behind the bar where he can delete songs he does n't like , and you end up paying for it .
rushi	it runs you about 4 bucks and it deals crushing blows to hunger .	after brushing the florida keys islands on tuesday , rita packed winds of about 240 kilometers an hour as it headed across the gulf of mexico .	spoken english rushi
infra	they provide an emotional infrastructure for atrocities .	they are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters , planners , commanders , preachers , all of whom make a living , usually a very comfortable living , by serving as terror infrastructure .	the saudis are beginning to understand it , but they fight the inner circles , while still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle .	" the problem is not with the palestinian resistance groups but with israel 's scheme to destroy the palestinians ' infrastructure , " habib said .	the staff , material provided , infra structure , environment & low fees totally above the satisfactory mark
hing	stick to hop hing , 20 year + resident .
outsize	the apartment only looks good outsize , inside is too bad .
walgreens	walgreens on university
carval	place is next to carval and walmart .
pepco	do nt go to the one by pepco , i got confused !!!
deters	i have had several dentists in my life , but dr. deters is by far my favorite .
cleanings	i never wait in the waiting room more than two minutes and the cleanings are quick and painless .
absoul	absoul is the greatest donair man on the planet .
donair	absoul is the greatest donair man on the planet .
appetit	once the manmohan singh government shows that it has little appetite for suicide , musharraf will face the moment of truth : accept the inevitable , or once again ramp up the insurgency and spawn a fresh lot of killers that can hit not merely mumbai and new delhi but london and chicago as well .	for those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budget , there are some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the falls .	if the snake is not pregnant or shedding , and its enclosure is properly equipped , a loss of appetite probably signals a beginning of hibernation .	i highly recommend the four - course tasting menu , which gives you plenty of range and food to satisfy your appetite .	i satisfy your appetitie for lovin .	bon appetit !
kkk	okay , i do nt have a review , but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials kkk .... is there something behind the scenes at this place ?
legitimately	like i 'm legitimately concerned at this point ... lol
r&l	we at r&l plumbing services are pleased with your professionalism and the extra mile you went to get out computers working correctly , you will be our first call if anything happens again and we will refer you to other people with computer issues .
ichiban	from the outside ichiban looks like it will be terrible .
suitably	always professional and reliable , sessions are good fun and suitably challenging .
windscreen	these people were so helpful this week and did everything to sort out my windscreen and insurance .
bulwark	bulwark regarding service by eric
scorpions	just wanted you to know that eric came by as scheduled today and sprayed our house for scorpions .
scarring	i still have noticeable scarring .
post-op	my post-op treatment was terrible .
z3	email : franz371...@gmail.com	email : franz371...@gmail.com	email : franz371...@gmail.com	email : franz371...@gmail.com	i v just had my bmw z3 rear window replaced by the guys at kelvin trimmers .
helpfull	the team who work there are helpfull , friendly and extremely knowledgeable and will help you as much as they can with thier years of hands on practice .
thier	no matter what progress we make as individuals in becoming healthier , we will never achieve real health until we collectively decide to create a healthier reality .	it seems like it s healthier too , but it s prolly not .	the team who work there are helpfull , friendly and extremely knowledgeable and will help you as much as they can with thier years of hands on practice .
recomended	highly recomended .
begiinning	yet again it was a great stay from begiinning to end .
undercooked	expect either undercooked or mushy food and lackluster service .
mushy	expect either undercooked or mushy food and lackluster service .
clueless	the investors put big bucks into the building but are clueless about what makes a good dining or bar experience .
discriminating	even the least discriminating diner would know not to eat at sprecher 's .
sprecher	even the least discriminating diner would know not to eat at sprecher 's .
stiefvater	dr. stiefvater has always been very professional and helpful .
bayside	i would recommend bayside chiropractic to anyone who is in need of a regular adjustment or is suffering from a chronic condition .
chiropractic	i would recommend bayside chiropractic to anyone who is in need of a regular adjustment or is suffering from a chronic condition .
directv	thanks again , directv .
rockland	there must be a better mexican place in rockland .
bagel	excellent bagels and excellent service !	i go in about every morning to get bagels for myself or my co-workers and the employees at max 's are great !!	awesome bagels	nice friendly local bagel place	there might be bigger and more well known bagel places in the area but family bagels are nice people , small shop and incredibly friendly .
donuts	very mediocre donuts !	we tried 4 different style of donuts , they were all the same when it came to quality .
proofed	the donuts were very over proofed , making them stale and bready .
bready	the donuts were very over proofed , making them stale and bready .
luster	" they are targetting ambulances " , " american snipers are shooting children and pregnant women " , and " they are using cluster bombs against civilians " is all you get to hear from him .	indian intelligence 's lackluster performance in dealing with the ltte is startling .	bush is reported to have asked a flustered musharraf .	click the enron online production cluster " start " button	expect either undercooked or mushy food and lackluster service .	the service was friendly and fast , but this just does nt make up for the lack - luster product .
curries	branch out and try something other than the pad thai , the curries are fantastic .
clogged	i called over the weekend due to clogged kitchen sink .
diagnosing	he listens and is excellent in diagnosing , addressing and explaining the specific issues and suggesting exercises to use .
